Very nice eating environment and the food are quite nice. Very native Japanese style.
Great food. Try the chop its huge.friendly service and down home atmosphere.
Had an awesome breakfast cum brunch.  Staff is very warm and courteous and delicious food
When scheduling for your cleaning, ask for Miss Julia.... She's great!
Avoid like the plague.
Changed owners and the name. Epic fail! Prices have almost doubled as has the wait time.
had to listen to this yeehaw cringe birthday song 3 times in 1 hour. trees trees trees
Worst food experience ever.  Avoid this place and spend your hard earned money somewhere else.
Amazing tacos! Loved the taco chiwas! Would highly recommend. Great customer service too.
Very much a "diner," but good good food. Can't wait to sit on the patio in the spring.
No issues which is exactly what you want. People were very courteous.
Cool looking spot inside.  Food is good. Price is right! The French Toast was delicious.
These posers don't allow dogs on their patio. Way to turn away customers! Suck it nerds!!
Large portions. Great bread sticks. Chicken parmesan was top quality.
Very affordable, drivers are polite, bus is clean and on time.
Handles allergies very well and the food is absolutely delicious.  The service is great too.
Always amazing service. Fantastic menu items. Ask for Travis hes the man!!
Really good spot for lunch. Had it two days in a row for lunch while in Vegas for a business trip.
Great gluten free options for pizza and wings. The white pizza is amazing
Cute decors... That's all Drinks and food were over priced for the quality and portion.
The blizzard of the month, Chocolate Candy Shop, is awesome!
Thanks to Tabitha we realky enjoyed ourselves! We had the $12.99 Buy One Take One! Awesome!!
Tasty sandwich made fresh.  Friendly folks and a quaint atmosphere.
We live in Gilbert.  This restaurant is always worth the drive.  Delicious, never disappointed!!
If you want something amazing for the best price, you go to ragstock.  Simple as that.
Great place to catch a movie. The mall makes this a really fun movie going experience.
Great food, perfect price, wonderful service. Glad to have  found my new inexpensive hibachi place.
Hunter, fisherman, camper, archer, rifleman's heaven.  I wish they had one of these in Hawaii.
Enchiladas were good, but the burrito was mediocre. Surprised at the 4 and 5 star reviews.
Very nice environment with friendly waitstaff. Food was satisfactory, a pleasant evening.
Amazing staff and food everytime! Always so welcoming and the food is constantly awesome.
The manchego bruschetta was amazing! Would definitely go back to try more if their dishes.
Definitely get your money's worth here. 40 bucks for a family of four! Can't beat that!
Wow!!! Las Enchiladas de Mama is a fantastic place to have an authentic delicious meal!
They closed over half an hour before the posted time. Super disappointed we didn't get to eat here.
Great product. Mediocre customer service. Sweet chocolate ice cream. Sour staff.
Tried to order a pizza but the young lady just continued to make pizza dough and ignore us we left.
Six word review: They make good raspberry iced tea!
romantic- cute   Small portions but overall enjoyed it
A Tim Hortons near a residential area & a busy road with no drive through. Expect a long line up.
Went in for an oil change and was done in 20 minutes, including the tire rotation! Good job guys!
Very average Toronto Thai food - nothing to write home about.
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine's Day! Can't wait to try it then.
Turkey-bacon club on sourdough is excellent. And the Ham-Swiss is always great.
Love this store and their beautiful garden.  A definite plus to the neighborhood.
Great Mexican food made in style with a homemade touch!
Excellent Thai food. Friendly service staff. Calm atmosphere. Fair prices. Highly recommended.
I actually enjoy this gym they actually watch ur kids and make sure they aren't needing anything
Thank you Kathy Klapach!  We love Rita's Italian Ice and appreciate your community  support.
Great Food - Fast Service - I have been coming here for the last five years have never been let down
Highly enjoyable! Great way to get to know vendors in the area. Good music.
good people did a great job with my ac unit would call the guy back if anything went worng for sure
Fell in love with this campus and I'm glad I went here :)
Food was amazon, service great too. A little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
Great food.  One of my favorite places to go in Middlefield.  I have never had a bad meal here.
I recommend there orange chicken and Mongolian beef probably one of my top 5 Asian restaurants
Fries kinda cold. The staff had trouble hearing thru drive thru was basically yelling at them.
prime rib, sea bass, cocktail shrimp, and key lime pie mmmmm...
Favorite place in the area.  I wish the draft beer was colder.  It is warm sometimes.
Loved the food and the owner lady was super nice and helpful!
Visiting family in Arizona and decided to stop here. Great choice the margaritas were delicious!!!
Unique one of a kind pieces! Great for gifts for girlfriends!
Great tacos, decent service, good price. Sangrias and mojitos were amazing!
Great sandwiches. The Fiance loved them so much he went back multiple times on our trip!
AmaZing coffee in a beautiful setting. Love how the vintage signs are hanging inside!
My nieces love this park. The splash pad is small but the children love it. The train is fun.
I have eaten here for years and never had a bad roll. I love the screamin O its my favorite.
Awesome, friendly staff!!! I highly recommend them if you need any work done on your teeth.
So excited for our new swing!!!! And they ship for a low price. Yay for local amazing shops!
Amazing decor and people watching... a bit pricey- but everything is in Vegas!   100% worth it!
Awesome buffet, crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits.
The beer is fantastic especially the Bed Head Red. Some of the best barbecue I've found in NE Ohio!
The best pizza place in Fountain Hills! The management and entire staff have great customer service.
Loved it!  Wonderful Ambience, Delicious Food, Great Service!
Amazing friendly staff and the best pho I have had on the west end, a definite must try.
Excellent. Clean place. The food is delicious. I love their carnitas and carne asada the best!!!
This place is darn good.  I like sitting in the sunshine in front window, like a cat!
Great place..Friendly service and prices are very reasonable. Pancakes are delicious !!
Courteous, easy check in and out.  The cold bottle of water is always appreciated.
Invited here to my friends birthday party. Had great service and food.
Had their congee and noodle combo. Congee was very tasteless. Wouldn't recommend
We had a great time for the first time ever doing am escape room.  Will be doing it again very soon!
Great spices! Will be using them in our baked goods at Kai's Kookies!
Delicious carrot cake cupcake. It's small shop but friendly staff. Cake pops also yummy & moist.
Shomari slayed my brows! Thanks for the great experience! I'll definitely be coming back!
Really good burger. Very fresh. The waitress was super nice and attentive. Give this place a try!
Best Ice Cream Ever. My favorite is the Key Lime and Rocky Road. I highly recommend!
Fair...nothing special at this restaurant. Wine by the glass is expensive with a limited selection.
Everything in the store smells delicious. I love the bath bombs. The peach bomb made my skin soft.
Service was great. The Santorini salad and fries were awesome! Great neighborhood lunch spot
Great selection, friendly staff, roomy cafe, and great addition to the shopping center
Ask for Ariel he is the best not just for hair cut and shave but all around great person.
Love the Coastal Trio Tacos and Salsa Bar!
Ask for Mike Mason. Thank me later.   Cool atmosphere   Good vibes   Great cut and style
From San Diego and first time here. Had the Red White and Blue burger and was incredible.
Excited to have a Mexican place close to work. Very busy and friendly people. Food is good as well.
:(
Products frequently precipitate, orders are never on time, customer service is terrible
Best Italian deli. The food is amazing. The staff is so helpful and friendly. I love this place.
Prices are hard to beat, large portions!!  We really like this place.  Daily specials.
Beautiful desk, chair, and lamp.  Great service and delivery.  Thank you!
Forestiere was sublime, Vegetarian (daughter is vegetarian) was one of the best ever.
blt wrap. yes! breakfast burrito, even better.   love the bartenders.   always feels like home.
Good clean and open 24 hours!  Get a as Norwich for lunch and coffee from hollers cuppa
Eh. I've had better.
I think people have to think reallyreally hard to find something to complain about here.
Love this place!!! Everyone that works here is wonderful & very accommodating. Especially Jacob!!
place is still great. new workers and far better service! food is always great!
Best drink I have ever had...lavender slip...heaven in a glass.  Go early for 1/2 price happy hour!
Fair at best. Smallest buffet I have ever seen. Not enough buisness to keep food fresh or hot
Food lacks flavor. Service is slow. A bit overpriced.
Great breakfast!  Gravy needs sausage, but one can't complain with service like this!
Excellent bbq, their chicken wings are the best and their Bed Head Red beer is a must have.
We enjoyed the pleasant surroundings and very ample choices of delicious food.  Service was great.
Food was just OK. Seemed like microwaved dinner. The price is OK. Just a one time visit for me
Nice atmosphere, great service!  Sundaes are enormous and can feed a family!
Lunch was so great!! So glad your open now fir lunch!! Try the sashimi and appetizers.. amazing
Legitimately a great bagel/sandwich shop. Get the power bagel. Better than brueggers.
Sounds like things haven't changed. Bad service bad attitude. Just close for F's sake.
Great breakfast spot with greater service. Food is amazing. Must come to spot in Las Vegas area.
Poutine and Guinness as well as the staff is on point.... Come one, come all to this gem of a pub
The breakfasts are yummy and the morning beverage are delish. Wifi is fast and free. Two thumbs up!
The special was amazing. My favorite was the mini dessert. Excellent outdoor dining experience!
Wonderful Greek cuisine we had the chicken and the pork with with chocolate cake for dessert
Fun little spot in Downtown Phoenix. Great ice cream with some interesting flavors.
Awesome place. Found a great wall ornament and friendly staff makes it worth the drive.
Very good customer service, excellent food. They're bbq chicken pizza is bomb.com
Best juice in town! Love all the variety that you can chose from. The beet junkie is my fave
Stopped in yesterday for dinner. Terrible food. Very bland and not cooked enough.
Stopped in for some quick dim sum.  The dumplings were very good! Would love to try dinner!
tried the tiramisu, pretty good the interior doesnt really match the cute vibe though
YUMM!!!!!  love the burgers!   I really like that you can customize and the food is worth the price.
The service here was very professionally delivered. Anthony was so very curteous and knowledgeable.
Great combination of flavors, textures, fresh/local ingredients, and great service.
Great people making amazing pizza.  Get the Presto Pesto with chicken!  I could eat this everyday.
Love the caramel chicken here.  It was busy. Nothing over the top, but good standard pei Wei!
Yummy Portuguese home-style take-out. Lunch deals, fresh salads and you can buy whole chickens!
Must be out of business.  Have been trying to get a appointment, call back or email for 2 weeks.
Great happy hour and service. Get the black and bleu burger
MAGICAL! AMAZING! Worth every second. I was upset when I had to blink. Absolutely outstanding.
Ate the PEP pizza and it was yummy.  Just what my tummy needed.  Set upstairs looking down at street
Great Mexican food! Everything has a nice amount of spice to it!
Great place to get a haircut, this is a Dominican beauty salon... Great price great staff..
You're gonna have to wait awhile, like 30mins before your spoken to by any employee there.
Awesome fun.   The whole family had a great time.    Great experience,  even for non golfers.
I love smash burger in general but this location is bad. Slow and bad customer service
Upscale. Nice steaks. Excellent drinks and service. Pricey ; but of course that is to be expected.
Yummy treats! Great spot. Very friendly folks
Lizzie is amazing. Simply the best. She made my hair look beautiful, vibrant, and purple!
Thanks so much for coaching my son and his mixed hair big curled coarse hair!! You are appreciated!!
Russian  Chocolate Babka!
5 stars, no doubt. Enjoyed the bone in rib-eye, lobster and Ultimate Margarita.
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas!  Love the sea bass skewers and the muqueca!!!
Great place ! Love their boba and the atmosphere here. Their calamari is pretty good too
Good stuff make your own I had Hawaiian style ham pineapple and smiley bbq sauce. Hmmmm
Family local market love them, they make you feel like family also sells hot meals. To die for?
Very fair, got me in quick, and price was much better than competing mechanics. Highly recommended.
Great food and service. Tried this place few times and experience and food quality was consistent.
Food was great but we had to wait for a long while before we got to order. Service sucks
20 minutes in the drive thru with one car at the window.  Ridiculous.  We left and went elsewhere.
Pretty good Sonoran style Mexican food right up the street and a great price.
Delivery via Grubhub/EatStreet is always fast (20-30 min tops) and food is hot and fresh. 5 stars.
Justin tending bar on the Roof Top and Evan serving at the Meatball place were awesome last night.
Thanks to your helpful staff for making my co-workers special Retirement a bright and happy day!!!
We found this place on yelp had to try it and we loved it, definitely coming back staff was great.
Hands down one of the best burger joints in the area.
Great service and quick response.  Directions were on point and delivery of products were simple.
Delicious giant single scoop waffle cone. AND a fortune cookie. What more could you ask for?
Cute and small. Very good bento box with good quality food! Would recommend for a casual date night!
You're missing out if you haven't eaten here.  Your taste buds are in for a treat.  Superb!
Great ballpark and good game but too bad they lost today.
great hardware store. best customer service and prices.
very professional & courteous... Thank you so much for a pleasant experience.  We'll see you soon!
Worst pet valu you ever go rude staff and disgusting franchise owner
Good food, nice atmosphere in the bar. Consistently good service so I will keep coming back!
Crepes are ok. Decided to get one because we were waiting for our show to start so we are for fun
I love the macaroons ! Danielle is always so friendly and helps me pick out new flavors every time
Staff was extremely helpful, and rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Very positive experience!
Great selection. Great service.  Helpful staff.  Phones tablets and laptops galore.
This is the best sub. I've ever had... Fresh bread, juicy meat... Great friendly service...
I love grabbing brunch at cracked egg with family. It has a great family setting and good food!
Great service from Mark in a timely manner and with great professional integrity.
Very nice staff. Relaxed atmosphere. Nice addition to the South Mountain area. Speedy service.
Food served hot and plentiful at a decent price. Employees cheerful and accommodating.
Wasn't that good-Old crab-go out and get regular meal/The buffet was nothing to brag about-
This res robin rocks.  Selena is our waitress, and is awesome!
Bel endroit  ! Assez petit mais bien pour assister     des concerts de jazz.  Bon cocktails  !
Delicious food and a wonderful patio. Many items to choose from on the menu. Great service
A "glass" of wine is filled a quarter full not going back too many great places in suburban L V
Awesome spot! Try the Charlie Brown sandwich, it's great on an onion roll.
Best bagels in Vegas, hands down! It aint NY but its pretty damn close!
Carol at great clips did a amazing job I would highly recommend coming back. 5 stars!!
A place to go and relax and leave stress at the door
Best Mexican food in the East Valley!  Dining in or take-out, service is always very good.
Good cheap lunch hour food.  Go for the wings!  The staff is nice, has a sports bar feel.
Great burgers, I wouldn't say they're over the top best, but they sure are good.
Chicken and pan thai noodles taste good! Delivery was fast.
Awesome experience .. professional, fast, no bologna just great service .... 10 outa 10 ...
Cremini Mushroom pizza not cooked enough in the middle, shredded cheese not melted. $17.
My favorite pizza spot in Chandler. New York style pizza that requires a fold while eating
Pizza and wings were good. Service and atmosphere friendly. Would definitely come back.
Unbelievable fresh Mexican. Flavorful and great guys running the place. It's a must go place!
Always good food and brew. Service was fast and attentive.  Happy hour starts at 3 M-F.
The staff was very pleasant and made getting teeth done an adventure rather than boring and painful.
Great job! Nice staff and quiet environment, also they have a huge variety of shellac colours!
I had the Gump Salad. It was delicious! I'll be back. It was my first visit.
Awesome brunch. Had the spanish hash and loved it. Almost as legit as the best brunches in Seattle.
Very good BBQ!!! Went there around 3pm there was no line. Definitely going back again!
Food and cocktails were excellent. Service for brunch was inattentive and slow.
Spacious, nice ambience, friendly waiter, good food.. plentiful food, i had to carry home a box.
We had a delicious dinner; sushi, Kobe beef gyoza, shrimp shumai,edamame, miso soup  Good drinks too
This comic store is awesome and organized. They have really nice figurines and staff was friendly.
This restaruant has very tasty food at reasonable prices and the service is very fast.
Amazing!! Facials and massages! I look forward to the hour and half getaway each time!!
Best service in town.  TV's everywhere so there isn't a bad seat in the place.
This review is for my wife. What the hell happened to Billy???????
There was a 4 minute delay bringing one of the dishes, maybe their POS needs upgrading?
Great Place for dancing and meeting new people.. everyone is welcome
Love chipotle! This one has the slowest line in town!Not well staffed!
Great place to dine when at the MGM. Good pasta and average pizza. A bit costly but it's ok.
Great office. Friendly chiropractor that did great. I would definitely recommend them.
Great comfort food for the soul. Enjoying the patio seating. Had the nachos and they are amazing!
In the mood for a pepperoni roll? Stop in mancinis in the morning.. they are fresh outta the oven!!
Coffee was ok. Looks like a Starbucks but just uses their product stars awarded.
Awesome , great experience.  Got exactly what I asked for. Salvador was a true professional.
We have been going here for years. Great value!!! We love Renee! She is always happy and helpful.
this place makes a great pastrami or Reuben sandwich . the meat is tender and nicely flavored.
Excellent food and service. I've been coming here for years and it is always fantastic.
The sevince lead cannot even tell me as first in line.. 2hour min wait..went to lunch???
Laxmi was amazing. Very friendly! My eyebrows look amazing. Will definitely be going back
Poor service (and the place was almost empty), food was whatever. Atmosphere is bland.
My new favorite spa- open on Saturday and the staff and providers are amazing! Love this place!!
The food is delicious and well worth a visit. I'm hoping for a franchise in Indiana!
We've been using Pep Boys on Bell for years. Always helpful, great service, and reasonable prices.
Had a great time here on 3/19/11!!  Met the nicest people.  Love that you can gamble in the lounge.
It was good even the raw fish and I hate the raw fish. Purple rice was very good and different
Great barber shop! The lady who does my hair and beard is phenomenal. On point every time!
Worst service , chicken wings were horrible . Served the Appetizer after the main course complete.
Pretty good in my opinion. Love Jimmy Johns. I always order Club Lulu (#16. You'll thank me later)
Have been there multiple times we always recieve excellent service. Great food and good prices!
Super friendly staff ! I love coming here. Also they have a Bitcoin machine. They carry Faygo.
Great place to kick back and have some fresh brewed coffee.
Great service, friendly people. Very lucky to have such a great LBS in the neighborhood!
Red Robin is a pretty good burger place love the A1 Peppercorn burger, milk shakes are good as well
Love there pizza, hate the oven taste though on the bottom of the crust. Atmosphere is cool.
Amazing service from a crazy lady, incredible bread dip (it's free, ask for more) & delicious pizza.
Omg the food is to die for. I am so happy I stumbled upon this place. This place is AMAZING
Get the rendang beef and DEFINITELY the pandan crepe for dessert
I had mabo ramen and it didn't taste well to be honest. I've had better ramen elsewhere.
Good ambiance but the food is very mediocre and way way over priced for what it is.
Staff gets 5 stars! Food not so much. Had the pasta bar and the white sauce was not fresh.
One of the best Mexican places in Phoenix. Family run, authentic, cheap and delicious.
Best persian food in the valley so far. Fair prices and perfect quality. Delicious kabobs and stews.
Great place, lots of vegetarian and vegan options! A great find for being in a casino!
Some of the best Mexican you can get in town for the price. Highly recommended.
Awesome selection and so worth it!!!! Try the cider slider! You won't be disappointed
We were not disappointed with Wong's food was amazing and the lunch specials are great....
This place is horrible, she doesn't even bother to get back to you for am appointment
These are the best burritos I've ever had! So many flavors! Mexi fries are bomb aswell!
Tried poly roly when taking my driving license test.. very nice place to have a quick meal.
Its inside the Gold Coast hotel. Good food. Free bus from/to the strip.
Amazing detail to constructing a cup of coffee, the bourbon espresso flight is great1
Nice hole-in-the wall dessert place. Good ice cream. The green-tea crepe "cake" was interesting!
Had the Trash nachos. The were great. The service was good.  Highly recommend to nacho lovers
Don't do it!  You'll regret it!!  Paid $200 for high lights and walked out with fried hair!!
Menu is a scam. Mediocre taste. Next time I'd visit Ramen Bar right across the street.
Very friendly, plenty of staff on site.  Got my smog check and it passed for $19.95!  :)
Why weren't u open at 6:00 p.m. tonite when we came by? Very disappointed in finding you closed!!!
Deli lost in the vegas strip high priced not like a real New York deli
Very cute place and excellent tea selection. Leslieville is very deserving of this spot!
Its definitely not that good, and that's not authentic mexican food, more like texmex
I dont really like sharwama but my co-worker convinced me to stop by for lunch. Its good food. :-)
My basic pedicure lasted a month & very affordable!  Will update after I have a gel manicure.
Amazing food, great patio for the summer months as well. Try the pulled pork
Great Thai food. Was not too busy on a Saturday night. Curries were good. Had plenty of sauce.
So much you want to buy. Love the sandwiches and the espresso. Lots of desserts to pick from.
By far, the best lunch special in Chandler.  Lots of Food for the money and it tastes great too!
Great experience, great full acrylic set, great job, decor and cleanliness. Definitely, I come back!
The Pho was great and the soup had a great flavor. Spring rolls are awesome. Recommend to everyone
OMG! Endless choices and a trip around the world. Get ready to CHOWDOWN!   Can't wait to go back!
Incredible food and great prices!  They know how to treat their customers.
Too bad they're closed on sunday. Definitely better than mcdonalds. I love this place!
The drinks here are to die for. I honestly didn't want my drink to end-it was that good!
Service and atmosphere is good.  Prices are a bit steep but the food is good.
Once I got a haircut from Yanira I haven't gone anywhere else. Always a pleasure going here!
The pizza has good flavor, but it was a little undercooked making the center part soggy.
Food was good. Men's bathroom was absolutely disgusting and the stall door didn't even close.
Best place ever. Big Wac?!  Need I say more?
Not only are they the best panderia in town, they're also very kind and reasonably priced!
Really trendy, cool place. A great late night scene.
Gone every year since 2000, will continue to attend race events..
Such a fun spot for a date! The Breakfast Bowl with extra fruity pebbles is my favorite.
Walked out due to tech yelling at young girl that couldn't explain what she was looking for.
Always friendly. I enjoy the do it yourself toppings option. Great deals and specials too.
Since moving here in vegas, by far the best Mexican Restaurant ive been to so far.
I found the exact table I'd been looking for, and the sales person Boris was very nice and helpful.
Great company! Dane is super helpful, I honestly have nothing but good to say. Try them out!
Love the food... it's a little pricy, but unique and delicious!   I want to try the Big Wack next!
Same old utility style pizza.  Great when in a hurry or delivery.  Chain pizza needs a facelift!
Its a irons only driving range but it is priced right and centrally located.
Nice atmosphere, good food. A little pricy but I guess that's how things are in downtown PHX
Just wish I could find an online menu/website that works:(
Food was not spectacular, service was good but over priced for under whelming food. Won't return.
This Place is Great.   Great place to watch a pens game.   The wings were phenomanal
Great food and amazing wine selection with knowledgeable and friendly staff!
Service was excellent and food was amazing. Well worth the drive from Newcastle!
Not the fanciest place, but the lunch buffet was excellent. I'll definitely go back to try dinner.
Nothin special, just a good ol' fashioned Chinese buffet at a decent price.
Indulge your inner Ukrainian at this place.  Try the sweet perogies filled with berries!
Acai bowl- yes please. Amazing, even if it is a little pricey.
Always have friendly staff and the are quick to make your order and open on the weekends
Order the sorrel tea. It is really good!
i wish this clinic would accept Spay\Neuter Vouchers.
I live in Massachusetts. I expected cheaper prices. They weren't. The produce looked good.
Good and fair prices compare to Staples and OfficeDepot.  Much friendly employees too.
PERMANENTLY CLOSED. Prantl's will expand into the Mancini's space.
Awesome time!  Frank and Cody are great.  The scooters are fun and the views are amazing!
Geat food, especially braun rice sushi!
Great service- The crew was on time and finished the job quickly. My tile is super clean thank you
My children adored it! Takes you back in time. Ice cream was amazing as well. We will be back!
Nice place. Coffee is good and reasonably priced.  Good place to get some coffee and use the wifi.
5star's... Excellent. Ceviche n Shrimp, Wind Beneath my Wings!!!!! One Night to Bangkok!!!
Love Someone Else's bar! Mexican Mondays!! Also the sweet potato fries are great!
Rachel was the best! Made me feel at home and warm. Will always keep me coming back. Woo.
Friendly and easy going salespeople. The service department always makes you feel welcome.
Had the brisket and pulled pork platter w/Mac and cheese. It was awesome. Fantastic food.
Good service, nice mom and pop place.  Cole slaw was awesome.  Will try it again for salads.
+ Superb quality food! A pleasurable atmosphere.The wheat tortillas are superb. Enjoy!
Love it. Love the fondue. I haven't had anything here I don't like. The service is great too.
The line to check in was hour long from noon to 8 pm absolutly nuts
Best tacos. Highly recommended and I would definitely go again.  Great tacos and good variety.
Great food and exceptional service. Chef Matt has created a wonderful dining experience.
Great casual place to eat even on short notice. Love the live music!
I took a Catholic Nun for dinner and we enjoyed the company , waiter and the delicious food.
The chicken is amazing!!!!! The rice and the beans  amazing !! Tummy is full and happy
Great breakfast! Love how they let me add bacon to everything!
I went there around 10 pm. The waiter was great and the food came out quickly and was good.
It's a home depot.  Nothing special but also nothing bad.  It's everything I expect from a HD.
Food and coffee both amazing! Staff super friendly and helpful, we will definitely be coming back
Great place! Unique dishes here with Mediterranean theme. Very popular and great for brunch.
:( I hate writing reviews and specially if there bad but it got to this point so I had to!
Worst massage I've ever had. I could have rubbed moisturizing cream on myself.
The food was ok for panda but the staff was a cluster. Got Terriaki chicken but no sauc e really.
All fixed on a Saturday! Everyone else said next week not Ronald! Thankful for Elite Pro
Good taco shop with flavorful food; everyone enjoyed their lunch.
Amazing work. Thickest lashes ever. Wouldn't go anywhere else after having these lashes.
Kinda pricey for the size of portions. Very loud due to the fact many teenagers hang out for hours.
Not the best Indian restaurant but it will do!
This is no longer Guardian who was bought out by Safelight and this location has been closed.
Staff, facility, and experience first class. Say goodbye to sleazy gun stores and say hello to G&A!
Came in for apps and were amazed! Tuna Poke, beef carpaccio and the Saganaki were on point!
Awesome place! Have had such a fun experience each time I go! The balls are all amazing!
Love this place! Staff is friendly and they don't rush through service. Ask for B he is the Best!
New owner, the menu had been changed. Highly not recommended.  The noodle dish is really bland.
Love Andys. Great staff behind the bar, Ethan and James rock! Great wine list as well.
Such a warm welcoming place. I love it. The food is very good.  Atmosphere cozy.  I visit often!
 ^^
And now the scorpions have arrived. Worst place I've ever lived! More bugs then I've ever seen
Food was really good. Biggest downfall is $6 small OJ and construction. Overall pleasurable.
Great place to hangout with friends. The MMA fights are free too.
Good pastries, awesome gobi machurian noodles, Hakka noodles, chicken 65..small space but good.
You get what you pay for. Good in a pinch. Too much MSG. The chicken chop suey is great!
Excellent combos for lunch. Great authentic taste
Clean, serene atmosphere, great value and an overall relaxing, therapeutic experience!
Pizza my dear has become our favorite place for pizza. Hands down the best we have found.
Very accommodating to my silly group of friends. Burgers were spot on and service was impeccable!
Took amazing care of my little brat. He was happy as a clam coming from his teeth cleaning.
Best service staff in Westlake.  Hands down.
Good food, but the beer and alcohol is incredibly overpriced.  9 dollars for a beer is outrageous.
Love their curry chicken steam rice with milk tea combo.  Their sui mai taste good also.
The pizzas are absolutely AMAZING!
My husband and sons go to this barber shop.  They always give great haircuts.
Perfect place for lunch! The variety is great and the service is really fast.
Best nail salon I've ever been too! Fantastic customer service and Kevin is the best!!
Great tasty creations! Nothing too over the top and the portions are just right. Nice ambiance!
Excellent, friendly service.   Easy and convenient to work with. Would use them again.
I hate u because I love u too much Amados.. I've ruined me.. Literally. My jeans no longer fit..
Spent 3 nights 4 days. Beautiful place staff is really nice and pretty  close to the strip.
Some good grease when your wacked!!!  Always good and late nite is the best time to chow!!!
Who'd thought you could make a cool spot in a parking lot in north Phoenix?  They have!
Valentines day 2011. Bad service, bad food, Place has really gone down  hill since our last visit.
Not the typical Nathan's quality and ridiculously overpriced. $28 for two people. No thanks.
Great place! The food and staff is amazing! Scott has always been great when we go in.
Great deal for $10. Awesome customer service and tasty deserts, will definitely be returning!
The food was a bit Americanize to my liking, i had better authentic Chinese food at KJ's kitchen
You could smell the freshness of the buns before you walk in, sooo good! Friendly staff :)
Cool place. Nice music, atmosphere, you MUST visit the fountain when you are in Las Vegas.
Only one authorized person who can handle fish!? Waiting for 30mins with no help. Last time for me
Been loyal to these ladies since I can remember. Kassy always takes good care of me!!!!
Quick place for an inexpensive, not high quality,  meal. Good for kids, great milkshakes.
updated
From top to bottom this is the unfriendliest staff I have ever encountered in any place of business.
Not too bad, service was a little slow, but food was good.
Worst reuben sandwich I've ever had and $13, to boot. Slow service. $7 Fat tires.
This is so good I had to stop in the middle of the meal just to write this review. Food is awesome!
Loved the server and California chicken club was filling, bit overpriced but would go back again
Clean and respectful! People are friendly and attentive! The avocado toast was excellent!
I love there pizza it has to be the best pizza. There always so fast and nice in that store !
Did a pool repair that lasted for two days. Now they won't return my call. Would not recommend.
Good environment. Average Italian food at reasonable price. Recommend their dessert.
Really good chips and salsa. The tacos are also good  I order a margarita with a beer in it
Great food and service.  Recommend for any serious Vegetarians or Vegans.  A regular customer
Great personalized service and unbeatable prices. Will definitely be buying my parts from him!
Typical mall pizza the pizza was lacking flavor boring.   Garlic knots rock hard very disappointing.
smoothie was good and the wheat grass is a must.
Best place to eat in Mosaic District , we love the place to visit with family n friends
nice course, great service, excellent conditions, not crowded, second time here, will be back
charged 300.00 to make a key for a 1996 ford explorer
Delicious food and great service. The patio is dog friendly too! Awesome omeletes de la casa
Love Costco!! Hard to get outta that place without spending 10x why you planned on spending.
Excellent hair cut from Michaela, could not say enough great things about her or about Snapdragon!
My wife and I had amazing salads and juices here today. We will definitely be back soon.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of Los Dos Molinos.  The food is great, but hot.
La comida estuvo riqu sima y con un excelente servicio. Los precios son bastante razonables
This place is clean, the service was great, the price was ok but the food was average.
So so food but sweet staff and low prices got the 4th star, waitress was a honey
The food was alright but the customer service was horrible and the serve time is ridiculous.
Fish fry Friday=good food! Our first time here and we will be back. Good atmosphere  Dan is the man!
It's a basic standard Target. Nothing special.
Good food.  Nice Christmas tree.   Crepe and cheese cake was good  Will come back again
Favorite breakfast. Huge portions. Best blueberry pancakes. Baked berry French toast even better!
Extremely good food and service... but the portions could be better for the price paid.
Love the donuts, super friendly staff. Right outside the neighborhood, will definitely be returning.
For awesome real donuts this is the place my fav is the tiger tail fyi: cash only!
Food was great. Great service and staff was friendly. Robert the cook was a cool dude
Never again. Most of the food was horrible. Salty salmon, Sandy clams, horrible crab legs..
best chicken tandoori and mango pudding ever tasted! complementary nan is decent
No complaints, great service, good food at good prices! Lunch special deal is awesome too
Whatever happened to free drinks? I ordered a white Russian and got charged 7 bucks. Disappointing.
This place is simply amazing! The dishes are very large so you might want to share with someone!
Best food I've ever had! Honey walnut shrimp, Garlic green beans, shrimp fried rice. Wow. Amazing.
Great service and awesome food! Don't miss the Brisket, it's delicious. Very friendly staff
Everything is delicious! Highly recommend the Tom Yum, it's top notch! Love the spices! Great food!!
One hell of a good buffet in las vegas! :)
I've gone here for my smog twice and it's always great. Super fast and great customer service!
Best burger in town. Two people can split the double.
Excellent beer selection and decent food- definitely worth a try if you enjoy your beers
Great old school diner with some tasty comfort food.
What can I say about Lorenzo our server.  He was simply amazing.
If you're looking for a professional, this is the place!!! Love, love LOVE! My smile is amaze-balls
All of the curry dishes are great. The barbecue rice is fantastic. Great staff.  Fairly priced.
The service was terrible, food was overpriced and small portions. Have no plans to return.
Horrible service from Bobby.  Months of headaches.  Not worth it.
Good brats at a reasonable price, however, I'd get the cheese curds elsewhere. Good beer selection.
So glad I found this place on Charleston shit  part of town but no this Car Wash super good
Great place for a quick bite before heading to the airport. Service was great and food was good.
Love this place, great staff, amazing food and management is on point!!!! I'll be back...
  +   $  
They have helped me numerous times. Each time was wonderful!!! Very professional and courteous!
Great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip!
Fun but huge wait. We waited 3 hours on a weeknight. Wish there was a better way to avoid this.
Great variety of fresh baked goods including rolls, cakes, almond croissants etc. Reasonable prices!
High PRICES i only wanted a SODA! fast cashier by the name of EDDY though
Just check out these baby's!! Chrome nail polish plus matte design the staff did a great job!!
Fast and friendly service! Very pleasant environment, and local art- what's not to love?
love this place!!! love the fuel perks!
So bad I don't even know where to start.  Read all the other reviews and you'll get the idea.
incredibly friendly staffs, great gift items  absolutely love this store !
Malasadas are to die for! My favourite is the cheesecake filled ones. So onolicious!
Reasonable prices for really good food.  Had the short rib for dinner.  Very friendly staff.
Meh. Prices keep going up. The product is fine. But there are definitely better bakeries.
A great place for breakfast or lunch. The corn beef hash is great!
This is the best coffee joint in Toronto hands down.
Jasmine was fabulous! Made the experience of finding a dress fun and easy. Excellent and cute shop!
Super tasty! Would definitely recommend and go back again! Would not even know it was vegan :)
Extremely delicious dishes served in decent sized portions. Owner is very nice too. Must try!!
Very friendly staff. Was a new customer and after just 3 visits they knew my order right away. :)
Call girl mixed with coco loco is delicious at evening call!
I had high expectations for this place and ordered Basil Chicken spicy level a 4. Not good
Lots of open tables yet long delay to be seated. Service was very slow. Food average.
The Best Smoked meats and BBQ in the southwest. Hands down the best BBQ in the Phoenix area.
BEWARE!!!! These guys are rip off artists.  Bait and switch all the way.  Please please be careful.
Nichole knows what your hair needs! Perfect cut everytime.
I did most of the leg work for them. And they screwed me on the charges...
We ordered pick up and it was a flawless experience. Easy order, fast, and most of all amazing food!
Always love this place...
Very nice good esp Sambusa and Shiro ... Good service too would love to visit many times again.
Reliable service .fair prices... mechanic to me in the majority of my friends and family
Sunday Brunch is too crowded so I recommend here for weekday lunch.  Good food!
Nice and clean. Servers are very nice. Good atmosphere to kick back and enjoy a beer with friends.
Oh gosh is this good food, it gets packed quickly so get here early. Many others love this food
Great Ahi Tuna Poke! This is our favorite pre-workout meal spot!  Very friendly and very casual.
Terrible service. Slow, un-educated, Rip off artists.
Kristina does the best nails, and the right price. I love her holiday designs. The best
Best Malaysian food.... It's 98% like Malaysia... This is coming from a Malaysian....
The strawberry fro-yo was the best I've ever had in a long time! I also loved the location.
The chicken Me Kong noodle is one of the best foods I've eaten in Pittsburgh.
Awesome service. ..helpful server. Love the atmosphere.  Celebrating husband birthday.
Last year I remembered it tasty and fresh! Just normal this year during rush hour at noon...:-(
No doubt, best persian dessert place in toronto! The ab havij with ice cream IS BOMBBBB
Friendly office BUT make sure you have an appointment otherwise the wait is usually an hour atleast!
Almost missed my flight because of their slow service. Horrible place. Will never EVER dine there.
Amazing food and outstanding service! Plus the gelato is sooooo yummy and refreshing!
Very nice office personnel. Good with communication and thorough about emails and reminders.
Spencer was awesome! Great guy and very talented. He put a design in my hair and it's wonderful!
2nd chance and FAILED again! I will never again come to this place!
Love this place ! I really enjoy the food and service, plus the Carrot Cake was amazing!
This was my second time coming here. Pretty decent food I'd recommend the southwest eggs Benedict
What a great place.  Reasonably priced and always friendly, plus, the food is amazing!
Great breakfast/brunch food and surprisingly good prices for Ballantyne area.
I love it!!!! So yummy. I got the chicken with masala,rice and naan... Mango lassi is perfect
Great service and quality food, glad I stopped by. Had the Italian combo so delicious..
Good sushi and good service. However a little pricy for what you're getting. Friendly staff.
I usually do a lot of my clothes shopping at this location. Today they were exceptionally unfriendly
Reasonable prices for excellent Chinese cuisine.  The family is friendly and helpful.
It's open, clean and the food is good! Thanks scramble for starting my 4th of July off right!
Daily specials are a good deal. Nice outside seating area. Good size pizza for lunch deal.
it's a fantastic place, I don't get it why the rating star is so poor, everyone should try it.
Thank you! Great and honest service. I found my new go to for everything!
A real grocery store on UW Madison campus!  Hooray!
Another neat place in Acorn Alley!  It is one of the fun places in downtown Kent. A must!
First times having lunch there, pleasantly surprised. Good food!
Awesome food,staff and atmosphere. Eat the picked brine chicken! Had my taste buds dancing
Long wait. Bathroom to small. But all that can be overlooked cause the food was great!!!!
The food is amazing and very well served! Try the fried avocado, the fajitas and the sabrosa.
Heaven is a Baby Fat and an order of their awesome steak fries.
Kodi vepudu... Is my favourite... will never miss to order. Overall I love the food taste here..
Just had drinks here, but seems like it would be a fun environment as the night wears on.
I loved this place. Friendly staff and great food! Very affordable. I'll definitely go back. :)
Great dry cleaners! Service is excellent and they do a really good job! Very happy with them!
Great Hotel.  Always nice people and treat you like they need you.
Friendly people, great selection, my go-to local pet store for all of my German shepherd's needs.
Amazing food. Oyako and Gyudon  was amazing. Great service too.
This place is an old timey place in a face paced world.  I highly recommend The Gordon Square.
Our food was Cold and the fries taste like we're eating salt packs. 1st and last time eating here.
Very convenient , specially when you have to wait in line at the registration desk
Chicken and shrimp over cooked no Popeyes sweet tea or jambalaya. Not a great Popeyes restaurant.
The Food. The atmosphere. The bar. I love it. Great food. Chill vibes. All local. Charlotte staple.
Veggie garden burger, fries and pina colada. Good music in the background. Feels like a holiday!
Waited in line for over an hour and didn't even move after we spent over $100 on tickets. FAIL
My favorite post office in Las Vegas  Staff are friendly and helpful and make business fun.
Really fun place for the kiddos and employees are very friendly. Definitely going back
New Yorker here... Best pizza in town next to Fuel. I am looking forward to our next visit!
Went there on a Friday night, but they were closed. That stinks. Who is closed on  Friday night.
Omg my favorite place to have breakfast in Vegas so far, everything they have is very tasty.
Always outstanding. Brett loves the pork -- but today it's "conference call tacos."
The best gas station barbecue west of the Mississippi. Also they have amazing pancakes
Great brunch menu. Got the Carolina Shore omelet - amazing. Great game day atmosphere and service.
Love this place, especially the pancakes w hazelnut syrup.. Good customer service!
This place does not need to exist.  Period.
Don't go here. Too crowded already. Fun and good food. Gosh what more do you want from a Restaurant?
Pretty much the best Portuguese chicken on the Plateau. Not much else to say.
Atmosphere is fantastic, dinner was exquisite and Jeff was the best!
The best Mexican tacos in Vegas! Customer service is what matters!!     Avocados are fresh too ! ;)
Great for hanging out with your vegan and vegetarian friends
I have so much love for this place. The chocolate chip cookies are out of this world.
Cory/"Beer Boy" is on point well done great specials tues/thurs. Food is always fresh -Adam
Good curry puffs. Crispy rice salad too salty. Pad Thai a bit greasy. Not planning on returning.
Some really good street tacos usually get the al pastor and tacos chiwas with frijoles charros
The worst McDonalds ever. Got two sandwiches. A fish and a Big Mac jr. both were room temperature.
Outstanding customer service and smiles from everyone! Thanks again especially Taylor and noelle!
A great fusion of Americanized Chinese cuisine with Mexican style.
Best tacos I've had in a long time!!! Felt like I was in Mexico! Great service and great taste!
Great price for pretty good food. Was around the area and didnt want to deal with the strip
Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
Hearty humus, Luscious Laffas, Smily service. This place is solid.
Delicious!!  The bacon burger was amazing! Also loved the hand cut fries. We will be back!
Pretty good food, service was a little slow, but we enjoyed the meals.
There aren't as many options as I hoped. Food is good, not the best vegan food I've had, but good!
Not a bad lunch place. Pita was filling and the soda machine has tons of options. I would go again.
Cool place to hang out if you want to get away from the crazy & loud party scene.  Very relaxing
35$ to develop one 24pictures 35mm film what a joke where do u guys send the film ????
Awesome food! Definitely highly recommended! You wantgood portions,  them come here!!
Thumb's up for Ben! Excellent Mexican food, free drink for first time customers.
I ate a chicken burrito 2 hours ago and I'm still thinking about how amazing it was.
It's was fabulous. My tax lady Robin Ford was very nice and helpful! I will go again next year!
Great atmosphere. Fresh poke bowls. The staff is always friendly. Food is delicious and yummy.
Great job done in a timely manor for a fair price. Need your carpets cleaned? Try carpet monkeys.
Literally 5 stars because of Pete.  He is entertaining, courteous, and is a great waiter!!
Great service and really helped me with my tension. Very friendly staff and set-up process.
Healthy options and great owner always willing to go the extra mile.
An ideal place for an unmemorable meal.   Friendly, quick, clean, inexpensive and uninspired.
Great variety of items and easy parking. Friendly staff.
Definitely a local spot, tasty food quick service,  great prices. Bottomless cups of coffee.
Every time and every location Love eating here Great menu for toppings I'll eat here again
Authentic Mexican, a bit bland for some veggie options but adding Salsa makes it delicious.
UkI sn JBoumt of London plopphlll T.!~? { needle Loo~~~is noc tr academygth  gone---, And mark:
Always the best looking people . great DJ"S . drinks. bikini's . location. This place delivers
Really surprised to find Vietnamese food here, but it was really good.  Look forward to coming back
Ice-cream and baked goods. Love. Fantastic baked goods, fresh and home-made with love
Dr. Poe is really an amazing Chiropractor. His wife is great and they are just a great place to go.
Excellent food and exceptional, friendly service.  Never disappointed with the food or the service.
This place is so bomb! Never disappointed! Spicy chicken and spicy pork! Fricken amazing!!!
Excellent cookies and chocolate torts  ... kinda pricey but worth it ...
Love Paint Night Pittsburgh.  Connie, the host, is super fun.  Can't wait to do it again.
Amazing food! Delicious everything every time! A must try if you like Italian food.
John's store is classic. Just don't ask stupid questions and you won't get yelled at.
Tacos are good, friendly staff. but wait time is long and food items are not always available.
Wine? Yes. Food? No. Stay away from the lobster bisque...too fishy.
This place closed in December of 2012. Yelp for whatever reason has not removed it.
Kelly is awesome. Makes you feel super comfortable. Love my piercings, over all great experience.
Amazing seafood curries.  Flavors and spices are out of this world.  Open late night too!
The food is always so yummy and the service is always great. Everyone is so nice and accommodating.
Loved it. Great poutine. Staff was really friendly.  Felt like I stumbled on a secret.
TBell like every other about 50% of the time service can be real slow though.
The workouts really push you. Great trainers and I love I quickly I have been able to see results.
Not a vegan? No problem! Go anyway, it is spectacular. I bought the book;-)
Outstanding Gin selection and great bartending! Very lively atmosphere right up until closing time.
Can't go wrong if you're craving a good burger. It's all up to you on the way you build it.
Best restaurant in Charlotte.  No questions.   Get the Tonkontsu, extra pork belly!
Just the best, even better than Lotus. Great atmosphere and super wine list.
Great service! Amazing food! Vegetable chow mein and orange chicken! YUM!
I had the 60-minute foot spa. After the Climb to Conquer Cancer, the lady conquered my tired feet!
Good tacos!great sauces!  Windy fries are a must try !  Quiet place very friendly staff.
Ru San's just stole an hour of my life. Only go if you don't mind leaving hungry and exasperated.
Sadly, this location is nothing like the original. Food came out cold and tasted terrible!
Great food great value and more authentic than a lot of places i've been
Love the atmosphere! The food is yummy too. Not the five star dining experience but fun!
Recommend totally! Got me right in without apt.... great job on pedi...mani both . Thank you!
Food is good, but pricey. $38 for 2 people for breakfast ! Hummmm
Steak and prawn burrito was possibly the worst burrito that I have ever eaten. Tasteless.
Excellent Thai food, service and great pricing... If you like Thai food, this place is a must.....
These guys went WAY above and beyond to get me in and out in a bit of an emergency situation!
Excellent food, just as reviewers stated
Amazing cover up by Tyler Can't wait for it to heal so we can do a little more shading
did a great job.  having aaron braido do the work, is the key !!!
Gabe is great and the only person i trust to handle all of my personal and business insurance needs!
Food is ok.  Service is somewhat rude, even for a Chinese restaurant.
Amazing coffee and nice conversations! The ambience of the place is amazing. Will be back for more.
Love this place! Food is delicious and service is always great. I recommend any of the pasta dishes.
Great customer service :) and Wendy's sure beats all the other fast food burger joints
Reasonably priced and really good juicy steak-even though i have mine cooked medium well.
Lots of different styles that I'm used to but always great to try new things...
Good food, the service was amazing.  Zohreh (our waitress) was great.
Lots of Lego sets.  But you can't do the Lego land without children.  Super disappointed.
They did a great job. Awesome service at a fair price. The website makes scheduling easy.
Enjoyed the food, drinks, staff, and company. It's across the street from Hooters Downtown Toronto.
Always have a great experience here, Amazing customer service and the ladies are so nice!!!
Wings! Wings! Wings!!! Go with the beasty BBQ Smoke house wings or the parmesan buffalo style wings.
Bring the kids here they love it way more than ice cream. The gelato is so pretty it looks fake!
I love this place! Food is fantastic, the staff is wonderful and the caipirinha's are legit.
Great location but expensive - rooms are ok, be sure to request a newer one.
Fish tacos were lackluster at best...  Baja Rolls were eh..
Delicious REAL food! Great service and lovely decor. Will definitely be back.
Authentic enough to please my mother in law from Vietnam! Great place to have in the area.
Chicken and waffles an absolute winner, try the spicy Bloody Mary. Excellent lunch spot in LVS.
Kind of expensive (like $13) but the butter chicken roti is beyond delicious. Word to Vishnu.
Fast, affordable service!  I had a broken zipper on a boot and got it back good as new the next day!
I went to stone and vine and it sucked the food sucked the service sucked
Nice people here!  Do a great job. Love going to a place and they remember u and are so friendly
J'y vais pour le kokosh, une brioche roul e au chocolat   se rouler par terre
Excellent service and quality recipes! Had the Sukiyaki hot pot!! Kibo sake was on point!
Luv this place!  I come here every time I'm in Phoenix. Can never decide - everything is great!
Perfect sushi experience. Sashimi excellent. Iron noodle soup perfect. Definitely coming back!
Very good breakfast burritos.  I recommend the machaca. Very generous portions.
I got the nutella-flavoured rainbow latte and a chocolate chip cookie - both were delicious!
Good food but not amazing. Good for a quick affordable meal if you want to avoid fast food.
Old time favorite for us.  Only suggestion would be is getting gluten free pizza !! Please !!!
Very fast...decent prices and tastes ok... Just let it cook a minute or two over
no greeting !!!
Love the vegetarian options. Very friendly staff. Good selection of beers on tap.
Bring cash BC no cards n ATM fees r bs. I got over $10 fee. Food so so service so so. Not going back
Yolanda is amazing! She gives THE BEST facials! I absolutely love going to her!
The best macarons in Vegas so far for me and it's a great price at only $1.10 a piece!  Love ittt
Awesome service!  Great food and an even better atmosphere!  Wine BTG list is spot on!!
Excellent food! Great service! Large portions, reasonably priced. Can't say enough.
Super yummy breakfast!!! I got the brads burrito   Lots of food for the price.  Recommend a+++
Best vegan pizza ever. The vegan calzone is phenomenal also. Non-Vegan friends love it too.
My favorite ramen place! Everything is absolutely perfect.  And thanks for amazing ice cream.
Horrible business. Flat rate $9 shipping regardless of size of order.
Great food. Friendly staff fat food healthy this place has never failed to provide good food.
Favorite place to shop! It is all about experience at this Whole Foods. Clean, safe, convenient
Best pizza I have ever had.
We go here frequently and my toddler calls it "The Ice Cream Factory", always great.
Great food, great service, friendly atmosphere. One of the best food places in Pickering.
Had a great experience here.  Ed was very helpful and friendly. I can't wait until I can come back
Our server Slooty killed it! Great experience. Appreciate her keeping it real.
Absolutely rude service and only half the hotel is renovated! Worst stay ever!!!!
Very tasty but way overpriced.  You will leave hungry unless you order several plates of food.
The location is convenient, the owner is on site, knowledgeable, and helpful.
Just a great place for breakfast/coffee in the morning, live music and drinks in the evening.
We stayed here for my Bachelor Party. Great vibes awesome times.
Excellent as usual. Terrific food, atmospher, and service.
Not accepting new patients.  Why is it so hard to find mental health providers in Las Vegas?
First time going to the Scaborough YMCA.   Right now they have a free 2 week trial membership.
A must if in Las Vegas, day or night. Best from the porch at Paris while enjoying dinner.
Love this place. Deliveries to my work every time and has a great lunch menu and good prices.
Food was great, waitress was horrifically rude. Must be the worst waitress ever! Tip? None!
SCF offers a challenging place to train and improve, without feeling like you are in a bootcamp.
Fell on this place by accident, amazing accident...! Great food, great service, im sure to come back
Pickup process unbelievably slow. Fifteen minutes to get a bed frame during a slow period.
Great food and ambiance. Service was average, bartender lady was rude.
Great stuff! Reasonably priced with a huge selection. Will go back every time I got to Vegas !
Had brunch at bouchan. Yummy! Very wonderful customer service and a beautiful hotel/restaurant
General tso's chicken is my all time favorite thing...this place is spot on everytime
Amazing eggs benny. Trendy ambiance too.
The staff at this locationreally do make the best drinks than any other location I've been to.
Great natural ingredients, simple and wonderful.
Always hits the spot!  Their french fries and Italian ice.. yum!
Oops! This Church's Chicken Restaurant has been closed for over a year!
Stick with Canes which has real pieces of chicken not nuggets! This place is overpriced.
Food was outstnding.  Service needs work. Chalk it up to opening month growing pains.
Something for everyone. I had sushi and my mom had a Thai curry. We both left content.
Food isn't great but the setting is!  Beautiful views of sunset mountain and city.
This is a frequent lunch stop for me. Amazing briscuit and homemade pickles. Highly recommend
Fantastic customer experience!!   Looking forward to our MEB Managers Retreat!
Confusing menu. Poor service. Mediocre food at ridiculous prices.
Best mexican food! I love taking my family there because it is super affordable and delicious.
Great company to use for moving.  Will use again.   Used Beltmann Relocation Group back in April.
Another excellent Big Burrito Eatery but this time island fusion. All the fish dishes are super.
Best fast burgers. Cool concept for retro service and style.
Perfect kitschy, greasy spoon. Will make this a regular stop in Vegas!
Great italian food. Like homemade
The food and service was amazing. Ty was a phenomenal server, we will definitely be back!
I LOVE Janette! No one can do better! Janette goes the extra mile to make me and my hair happy!
large menu, good service, food is good, Usually a long wait for lunch or dinner, place is very loud.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!  The rooms are old and nasty. There is no parking and the valet was an ass!!!
With a very fake and annoying smile I was told they don't accept a reward for my beverage.
Well Hungry Howie's is by far my favorite pizza delivery place it's great pizza at cheap price
This is THE place to get your hair done! Flown in from CA twice to have it cut right.
Had a really great  vegetarian pizza wife didn't let me any but a peace. Have to get my own now.
Love this location!  Staff consistently friendly and the pasta salad is da bomb.com! I recommend
A go there for a simple reason. Darren can cut a flat top. The location is good. The hours work.
Incredible food, awful service. Yet I'm still giving 5 stars...the food is that good!
Great family owned restaurant food hhas always been good. Can't beat the White pizza.
It was really good! We payed $40 for dinner, soft drinks included. Great choice of a good food
We loved this place...  great food number 1, great atmosphere & fair prices....  we will be back!
OMFG!!!!    this place is a dump!!!  i should stop trying to be cheap!!!
Love this place! My favorite breakfast/brunch spot. Always good food and good service.
It's a good restaurant for students. Just a bit loud
Great for a first time Indian visitor. Very large menu with friendly staff and delicious food.
Prime rib was the bomb. Sushi looked awful, too scary looking to try. Deserts were awesome.
Supper clean! The owners are down to earth and very friendly. Great customer service!
Just a great show. My favorite part of the show was during " While my guitar gently weeps"
Dirty. Popcorn all over the floor in lobby. Needs updating to keep pace with newer theaters.
food isn't cheap. but they have great coupons! Good food!  Killer salads!
I went to shopper and I had great customer service.Also this location is close to the subway
Authentic Chinese Food.   and   both taste good. Good place for people living in Venetian.
Hands down the best Sonoran dog in the valley!! I've been going to this cart for over 5 years now!!
Vanna did a great job, always, but shes gone now,...anyone know where shes gone? Thanks
when there on a friday night, was all pretty good.  Nice patrons, wines and atmosphere.
Waited 45 mins for two scoops of ice cream and it taste old. Will not be back To this place
good pub food and ceaser's were great.  it was not busy on a sunday and service was good.
Excellent tea selection. Iced or hot. Comfortable cafe to settle in and work for a while.
Very Good  Ask For The Combo The steak and salmon with  mash  potatoes  and brocoli and garlic toast
Over priced coffee with too much sugar and fat rolled into it. Slow drive thru too.
Great breakfast spot! Casual atmosphere and good food. Veggie Benny is YUM!
Open until midnight. Huge menu. International menu offerings. Large servings. Don't forget dessert!
Asked for beef shawarma where's the beef I will not be coming back 11$ this place is a rip off
Great chocolate tea and basil flavored cupcakes!!! I'm  seriously on a cupcake high!
We tried this place with a dealfind. We thought everything was really good!
Amazing food, great bubble tea, friendly service. More importantly, ALWAYS consistent! Kudos!
Looks like it's over. Paper on the windows shop is closed ! Bummer.
Management must not care... Staff was rude & unsanitary. Hostess was wearing a crop top....
Best Time Ever! Our bachelorette party went and had a blast! So fun!!!
I went to Red Robin in Summerlin. I ordered take out. Great atmosphere!
Best coffee! Such a cute little place and the women working there were so nice and fun
Got to get Dales soup! It's one of the best soups on the planet ! It's souper awesome.
Great half price breakfast specials.  Tia the bartender is so personable.  We love going there.
Pita Pit served up some very tasty and healthy food. Friendly staff and clean facilities.
Finally found a place to actually be able to shape my nail nicely and they last until my next visit.
Always fresh bagels and a lovely staff. Go there and they already know my order.
Good music. Good drinks.mgreat creme br l e.
Worst airline ever, gave them another chance.  They totally suck.  Should be minus status...
Defitnely one if the best sushi places I been. Try the dragon roll or the salmon teriyaki.
The desserts here are spectacular, everything looks good and taste good! Very Authentic!
The bread was excellent. The sandwich was pretty good. I had the miami vice aka cubano
Really amazing.  Great feel and unique.  Really good change of pace for Cleveland too!
Friendly staff, quick service... but they used processed cheese in the Omelettes. :(
mechanical bull + random really drunk people = a whole lotta fun
Staff is awesome! Love my trainer! And my daughter loves seeing the girls working in the daycare!
The baristas here are the best. Always promopt and kind. I highly recommend this Starbucks.
Great environment. Food taste great. Lots of options to make your own bowl/salad/burrito
My favorite neighborhood spot when I'm in the mood for some good Chinese beef and broccoli!
very bland in my opinion, It's a skip just a heads up
Great theater with reclining seats, refill on popcorn and pop reasonably priced. Great experience!
Another great meal at Juan's!  Great food, great happy hour, great service.   Amanda's the best!
Low prices ,good variety, nice people, good customer service but long check out lines...
Very good food, relaxed atmosphere, very friendly employees! Delicious authentic Mexican food.
Great place to get a massage and relax. Very clean and friendly. Nice music playing and great price
quick service great wings, great deals on food
Excellent Mexican food, their shrimp tacos are amazing!! And they are open 24/7!
Great variation of chipotle but with enchiladas.  A good quick lunch.
expensive soggy grilled cheese sandwich
The best dinner and service I have had ever!  Great ambience!  You must go and experience Italy!!!
Very stable delivery of good pasta. My favourite plate is Salute.
I got the Lamb Masala and Butter chicken roti and they were both yummy.
Appalling service and cleanliness for a new location. They will be lucky if they make it.
Excellent customer service. Gets you in and out and works with you in emergencies!
Amazing healthy food and great service! I highly  recommend the club salmon sandwich.
Shaken beef and pho! Small dining area but worth the wait and worth the trip. Check it out!
I'm very happy with my color and cut!! Awesome Joni :)
I've been coming here for years. Kurt is a great guy and has taken great care of my car.
What an amazing an passionate Dr! And staff too!
Love this place.  Get the black bean dip.
Good effort. But not Mexican cuisine by much of a stretch if you know what that is.
Chicken combo platter is where it's at.  Light healthy food.  It's high in my rotation
Update: I have pnuemonia and they've screwed up my prescriptions again. NEVER. EVER. AGAIN.
The place looks cute and the location is good. But for the food, I don't think I will go again.
La Pizza es un Milagro.  no es broma es un milagro! Y tipo que hace la pizza es un milagro
Really awesome sausage sandwiches and mango smoothies. My kids loved their donuts too.
Very good costumer service and professional tech. ..so frendly and also serve Boba tea..love it))
The best Thai place in Las Vegas! Pad Thai is amazing!
busy always and they deliver  quality is on point
Compared to Steamwork in Toronto this can't even come close.Tried it and no need to visit again.
Great food very good and priced perfect lettuce wraps are awesome Pad Thai at A 4 was perfect
Love getting my swole on here over any LVAC. The pec machine is always available here
Great NY style pizza... highly rec'd this place for delivery
Omar was fast and swift, gave me all the info I needed to register my car.  Great job!!
Good food and service. Great atmosphere to hang out and chat or study/read.
Great food. Good portions and casual environment. I will be back!! Parking is a challenge.
Rod was great, really listened to what I wanted in a ring. Very reasonably priced.
Great food great service and very quaint. Nice outdoor seating.
14/30 down!!! Great workout Kat!! I still hate squats!!! Thanks for pushing me to be the best me!!
Sam's Spa was amazing. From the masseuse to the environment, everything was Excellent!!
Ben Roethlisberger. One hot piece of man-steak.
Great local Italian restaurant.  Staff is always very friendly and accommodating. Food is great!
Hands down the best food at any bar in town! Scotty is friendly and a actual cheif...
Great little bar. If you know the Whining Pig, it has the same style and appeal. Love this place!
No better band program with almost 90% of it all financially funded by the people!
Living off of 94th St and Legacy, this was my go-to place for many things.. Beer, smokes and food.
I love this place. They have a great atmosphere with great selection of wines and wood.
Delicious! Scallops for dinner were amazing and gelato is to die for especially at that price!
Love this place! Great Juice/bowls and great people :)
Generous portions, great service and super nice people.
This place rocks.  Excellent baked goods & coffee.  (Just know that it's closed on Sundays.)
The best experience with min- Vanessa kalie on point and multi- talented in hair nails and coloring.
awesome service, great food.  Buffy was an amazing server!!
On the two different business card orders - Great service and product!
Best pizza in my neighborhood. I could eat here every day. Yum.
Best NY style pizza in AZ. Hospitality is 2nd to none.
Great place; always clean with very nice staff. Only thing is that prices are not listed anywhere.
Setously guys this might be the most authentic fake Irish bar in the greater charlotte area.
Awesome, well-merchandised vintage at affordable prices. Clean and tidy, yet a lot to choose from.
Best in Las Vegas. Bianca is also hands-down the best massage therapist at Massage Envy.
Great local pub perfect for a cold one on a hot day.
I like the place it's away from all the casinos nice theater good people
Amazing fast service and great follow up.
Good food, atmosphere and neighborhood gatherings.  Coffee is expensive. Love the Story Slam!
Use the automated postal center, and skip the long line.
Overpriced subs. Good customer service, but subs are ordinary. Nothing special about this place.
This place is very good. Top notch food and service.   The bad thing is that its way over priced.
Amazing food and the owner is super friendly! I especially love the tagine and couscous.
Love this place!  Food is excellent and so is the service. Great hangout if you enjoy OTB.
Amazing sushi with an excellent and truly unique atmosphere. Perfect for a romantic get-away.
Our favorite for breakfast. Service is really good! Food is as well! We love coming here.
Just like Denny's and ihope. Breakfast fast-food
True New York Pizza right here in Gilbert!!!  Love this place!!
Fresh, homemade cookies delivered to your door!!!! I love being a millennial :)
Good first experience. Second was unfortunately my last
Best fish tacos ever. You gotta try them.
Great store and love their sales. Helpful staff too
The best patio experience is Olive & ivy.  I love there food and wine selection.
Good place for nice cheap dim sum. The waiters always look unhappy though. Cheer up people!
Favorite little Korean bakery I love to go every week to stock up on some bread and sweets!
nice ,elegant ambiance.. love the huge bone in rib eye.
Loved my sandwhich and great service. Will definitely back when on this side of town!
Great wine bar, excellent atmosphere, menu and wine-expert staff. It doesn't get much better.
Tom was really great- punctual, really helpful, and got our problem addressed! Great service!
wowwhattabreadstore  No seating. Just the good stuff. Go eat in the park.
Sample appetizer over priced ~ service was very good and New England Clam chowder was AMAZING!
Good times! Great food. Great service. Got the chicka chicka boom boom and it was all that and more.
My son has been a student for three years.  Sensei Lorenzo really cares about his students.
If I could give zero, I would do it.  I drove 45mins to this store to have BAD customer service.
OK bar.  Decent staff.  food...not great.  Good-sized patio outside.  Needs some updating.
This place is pretty good, grate coffee and customer service people working here are pretty chill
Great food and great atmosphere. Make sure to ask for a traditional table
Great service, food was excellent and delivered fast and still freshly warm out of the oven.
Great burgers, good price, great friendly staff.  Try the Mexican Burger (not spicy)
Jubilee is great, especially when you get complimentary tickets from Bally's as a hotel guest.
Better meat quality. More meat items which are not pre-marinated. Yes we are regular!!
Some of the best vegan comfort food eats in the city.
If you LOVE Michigan sports you will LOVE Upper Deck...if you DONT, you WONT. End of review.
Best Thai food in Vegas! Great service and seriously the most authentic Thai food I've had!
Deep cleaned my tile and it was simple gorgeous and I had no idea the grout was tan and not black
Peanut Butter Stuffed French Toast is to die for! Love this place, wish we had one here in So Cal!!
Good spot for cheap pizza and wings. Their lunch specials are the jam. Truly a pizza heaven. ;P
Great tacos ! Very good service !long waits during busy hours ! Go figure for such a popular place !
Solid guys. Cleaned and repaired my carpets. Reasonable and competent.
You will NOT find better BBQ within a good 300 to 500 miles! End review.
Had a nail removed from my tire. Service was great. Done in 10 minutes. No charge. Thanks!
Horrible customer service. Waited 45 minutes for our food, the waitress only acknowledged us once.
good food , good service. I am hooked on the roast beef sandwich and horse sauce. Very clean place.
Food was delicious. Quality you can actually taste. Literally everything on the menu is good.
Good Mexican restaurant. Diverse menu, friendly staff, fast service, reasonable prices.
Favorite Strawberry Shortcake. Light cream with crunchy sugar. Strong recommend!
Gal at the counter was so sweet and helpful! Very fresh baked goods and hot coffee. A nice treat.
Delicious!  Food is fresh . Great price and amazing portion size!  Definitely highly recomended!
Really great naan. Have only had fish and veg dishes but never had a dish that wasn't really good.
Doubled it's prices for more meat.. I don't need more meat..No more...sorry Whole foods.
Bon choix de pizzas. Portions g n reuses, bonne ambiance. Service rapide. Prix raisonnables.
Online ordering is a bit confusing. Kept me waiting well past the scheduled pickup time.
Liked the outdoor space and the beer is really good. Wish they had more seating
They hire based on the token rule. One minority per shift. Mangers are fake :)
Best facial I've had in a REALLY long time.  Highly recommend!
horrible service our waitress natalie sucked. no refills her manager had to come get them for us.
 ,mark here, cheap and delicious! Good place to go with friends!!!     Good for group
this is a good dive! chinese mexican fusion cant go wrong with that!
Standard breakfast food. Take the seasoned potatoes over the hash browns.
Excellent customer service- very friendly staff. Food was slightly pricey but delicious nonetheless.
The food isn't that good. Kids fries came out cold and too any dogs and I would come back. Sorry!
best shop in the valley hands down! Good peoples and a fun environment. Wont be disappointed!
AMAZING!!!!! No other crepes can beat these! The service is great. I just wish it was open longer
I love this place. Great food and friendly service. Try the zucchini pancakes- they are super good.
Charles is the best!!!!  Highly recommend for any injections and a natural look.  A++++++
Great Food, Great Happy Hour, Great Sunday Brunch  Best Fish Taco's in Pittsburgh hands down
I'll keep it simple! I HATE MY HAIRCUT! I didn't realize how uneven my hair was until I got home.
Just walking inside feels like Madison took its first breath of hipness in a long time
I see the face of the Lord when I eat the BBQ there. Delightful. Long line for a reason.
Been here 3 tomes and each visit has been wonderful!  Steaks are cooked to perfection.  Love it!
Amazing! Good size portions and the lowest prices in Phoenix for Thai food.
Food is Great!!! My fav spot! Always great service lots of tasty dishes.... And the best soondubu!
Get the summer pairing of a filet and salmon with the chile lime prawns-best salmon I've ever had!!
My sister got carryout here late one night. Food was decent, but overpriced!
Best fresh, consumed on the premise. Since we live out of town, we stock up until our next visit.
        
Great place with great artists! Joey is awesome and Kyle @thiefhands did fantastic work!
The shakes were alright but the hot Cheeto fries gave me a stomach ache  to much added
Great food, Great service! We will defiantly support this establishment in the future.
God tier food with great customer service. I've never been disappointed by a meal here.
Didn't have the best experience, but the owner reached out to me to make it right.
Great Service and delicious food, the lobster and shrimp Mac and Cheese is the Bomb!!!
Easiest 5 star review of my life. Megan always does such and amazing job!
Excellent and genuine technicians. Jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job.
Best Indian food in Pittsburgh.  No doubt.  spices are used properly.
No wait. Good service. Great food. My new favorite place. Get the french toast. Cheap and it rocks.
You can get a decent meal here. Nothing stellar mind you. It feels like pseudo gourmet cuisine.
Excellents cocktails, tr s bon service et superbes shows burlesques. Que demander de plus.
AMAZING!!! Great wings and pizza. Also great customer service. Will definitely be back.
Best sushi around and the half off deal on Monday & Tuesday make it that much better.
What a pleasure!  Helpful staff (thanks Jeanne) and wifi!  Rarely gets better.  Thanks!
Madison tap is great.  Beautiful courtyard, nice people.  Good music.  Check it out.  Don't wait!
Bestvtaco spot ive ever been to they have a wide range of flavors. I love this spot lol
Don't get the appeal. My brothers love it but I was underwhelmed. It's really nothing special.
I loved my Portobello mushroom wrap it was so good! Service was great and outdoor patio was great!
Good food, good desserts, good location for basketball and baseball.  Really noisy
The class was deeply relaxing, insightful and deeply nourishing. Highly recommend.
Best bbq in AZ.  Parking is a nightmare and the line is always long, but it's all well worth it.
Clean, reasonable price, nice staffs but not close to the strip. Will try again when in town.
The food is flavorless and the portions were average at best. It's like a knock off Panda Express.
Right next to my hotel  3 min walk from it. Couldn't be better. Didn't bring rainy day clothing.
Great experience! The salon is super clean! Never a wait for service and amazing customer service
There was no line and they changed my oil really quickly. The guys were professional and helpful.
All I have to say is YUM!!!! Chicken tikka masala, samosas, and a naan. No other words are needed!!
lot of custom options , subway style selection choices.  Ingredients tastes fresh and good.
Always a Savior in a clutch!  Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...do my tummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmy
Horrible service. Food was cold. Long time between serving the first and last person at the table.
Location is now closed. Only 4 quiznos left in the entire las vegas area... wowzer.
I agree this place has a great vibe and concept but it is a mess worst service ever such a shame!
Excellent place to pick up your books for a low price. Much better then the UNLV Bookstore.
Probably the best tasting pizza I have had in my life. Quality ingredients and friendly staff.
Excellent food , service ! Authentic top notch Mexican.my new fav place ! Highly recommend
Love this place!  It is a blessing and very reasonably priced.
Delicious food! Will be back again for sure. Enjoyed the honey walnut prawns and fish maw soup!
Great little watering hole!!!  Great staff, small but fun!
Amazing Pretzels! I had the Jalapeno one, and Pepperoni one!  Very Good Stuff!
Great show! Gerry was so good funny engaged the audience. Would go to his show again!
RIP. This place has been closed for a long long time. To bad, it was good times.
Wish I had read reviews.  The pepperoni pretzel was friggin NASTY  Do not eat here. Yuck
Physical therapy is so very helpful, the staff is awesome.  The knowledge of the staff is great...
Pho is really good. I like it. I will come back soon from LA.
bomb ass food, horrible service though
Great food , order the giant it's not on the menu but was recommended to me. It's a huge roll
Love the food, everytime im in the city I come here for some good food and attractive waitresses
Amazing. I love the pork buns and pretty much all of the appetizers. Highly recommended.
The ribs are awesome.  Servers are great and we will definitely be back.  Beer is extra cold too.
Really like this place! Great vibe, food, atmosphere and drink selection! Good happy hour!
5 Stars for Oyster Happy Hour. Best around and 7 days a week YUM!
Best pad Thai I've ever had! I'm so sad I can only try one thing at a time. Can't wait to come back!
The cover band was fun as hell.
My first time eating here, hash browns are very good vanilla ice coffee okay. Would come back again.
Three stars
Loved it! Went for Sunday brunch and mimosas, bloody Mary's, food and service was to die for!
Food was great....the green sauce is a must!!! I recommend the shrimp burrito.
My favorite food truck of all time. I'm having them cater my wedding.
My friend took me there. Price was ok. Everything is just within the normal range. Nothing special.
The Glazed Salmon is wonderful. Pair that with the Piranha Pale Ale and you have a great dinner
Like walking through a tool and garden catalog.
My favorite place to go when I'm in Vegas! Beef noodle soup and lychee martini were both very good!
Fast prompt service and congenial helpful drivers.
Sad to see this place close. Always had cheap apps during the week.
Best hakka chinese restaurant! Order the sweet and sour chicken or chilli chicken they on point!
Great class! The instructor (Nick) kept the class interested and explained the information well.
Hi ho this restaurant is a no.  Service slow, food cold and not very tasty.  No need to go back!
I can't get enough of crafty burger goodness. Oh. My. Godddddddddddd yes
You feel the sun on your face when you enter. Best hot croissant on the Plateau! Good. Good. Good.
Traveling for work and the company hosted a dinner for the team. Wonderful service and great food.
Tried the red velvet cupcake. Oily, premade frosting. The cake was dry and flavorless.
Eyebrows waxed and my skin was peeled off my eyelids.  Probably will leave me with scares.
Charming cafe and it doesn't matter what you order. Breakfast - Lunch - you can't miss.
Great and authentic pho. Very reasonable price , far better than any fast food on stripe.
Ducked in for a coffee and found a great French breakfast.  Little bit of Paris in Pittsburgh.
Brand new location, really nice, great service, great food, chicken nuggets are my fav!
My daughter and I had a great time, the place was clean and Shelby was sweet and helpful!
I took my father here for dinner. It's stylish setting is a solid location for an excellent meal.
Service was great. Fish taco was good. Not a fan of the mystery cheese in the quesadilla.
Great Juices and better service ! Ivory is the best !!!!! Everyone was very informative and helpful
Awesome and large menu everything tastes very fresh, everyone I have brought here loves it.
Had cheese burger....dry and quality of meat was terrible...chewy!  This place was a disappointment!
I visited this rue 21 and the customers service was great. The ladies were helpful and awesome.
Poor service. Gelato selection is very large and good quality. Dont get the coffee though.
The food was well presented, and tasted amazing! The staff were perfect. A great balance.
Great store and good selection..but found out I can get some of the juice else where for cheaper!
Good Gelato. Allot of different kinds.  Waffle was stale. But will be back to give it another shot.
So over priced for absolutely terrible food, so many better places in the valley for Indian food.
Our server Miranda was so awesome!!! Will definitely be back and ask to be sat in her section.
Great prices and worked with our schedule.  Cleaned our furniture and carpets and it looks great!
This place rocks just moved here and very informants  helped me find some local trails
No wifi??? Only 2 TVs at bar. Smoked salmon salad $12 was very good.
Hands down the best wonton and soup base! Their wontons are huge and delicious!
I love Gaetano's. Very friendly staff and the food is delicious. Classy decor.
The food is amazing! The atmosphere and service is even better. I will be coming again soon!
Looove there happy hour! Its a must!!! Sangria and lemon poppyseed dessert is amazing
I had the benedict portobello and it was amazing! The sense of community there is great.
This place is ripping off people there prices are so expensive. I would never shop here again.
Thin crust at its finest. Great taste.  Great location Just discovered this awesome food experience.
Turns out it's not the proper wiper fixtures & the previous owner never flushed the engine.
The food is delicious.  Proportion could be a little more for the price.  Good atmosphere.
very good Indian restaurant. bring your own wine, love the butter chicken tally. Great nam bread!
Food is boring, no imagination.  Seems like the food is cooked in a rush hence the lack of flavour
Staff was courteous and friendly. Restaurant was clean.  Nice spot for a quick lunch.
Simple and delicious. My son had been pestering me to come here- we weren't disappointed!
Great burgers, fry sauce was yummy, French fries were cooked perfectly! Great job, Pit Stop!!
I just had the best fried catfish, okra, green beans and SWEET ICED TEA....EVER! Service was great!
Endroit vraiment relaxe, super classy avec des show de jazz r gulier. Bon drinks et bonne bouffe !
Food is alright for the price, service was a little slow though. Will try again in the future.
Nasty .. Dirty ... Bad customer service ..
Amazing breakfast. Just as good as Tempe location and just as busy. Waffle was outstanding.
Service ok. Food not so great. Drinks ok. Happy hour prices good. Kinda dirty, not my cup of tea
My mom loves this place! Good and decent amount of food plus nice service!
We come here often something different then the same old food expanded my belt lol good fast food
Tasty food and great menu.  Definitely prefer this location over University.
Safety IA always first always at the Gun Garage.  They are also very professional and helpful.
Best fried chicken in the world. Not over hyping. Get the combo inaction with waffle and watermelon.
Muay Thai training second to none, nation wide!! No better place to call a second home.
I come here every time I'm in Vegas, I specially love the lobster and clam chowder soup.
Food and prices are good but i cant get past the sewer smell that engulfs the dining room.
Godly. Enough said. 6 time All Star, multiple gold glove winner, and 3 time NL MVP candidate.
Wow! What service! Louis was amazing! Answered ALL my questions and then some. Thank you so much!
Great selection of food, very tasty and fresh. The staff is also friendly and accommodating.
Best pizza that I've had since moving to Las Vegas. The Buffalo chicken pizza is awesome!
Most delicious Mexican food I have eaten. Drinks are amazing! Service is outstanding.
Awesome hotel, Great service.  Million dollar view. LOVED IT.
Great little hideaway to have some craft beers, Staff is friendy and beer selection is fantastic.
Delivery at work for breakfast and lunch . Great Greek Isle Scramble. And the Ruben, yassss!
Meh, I've had better. The Mac & Cheese was good though. Average.
first time hot pot delivery and its awesome. btw the milk tea is good too :D
great hotel! i'll def be back to stay here! very friendly employees, amazing breakfast!
Great service. Great customer service. Rented bouncy house , table, and  chairs. They were on time.
This did the trick for my couch and chairs. Thank you!
Absolutly wonderful food and service! The large patio is fantastic! I LOVE POSTINOS!
A nerdy kids dream!  lots of hands on exhibits that are lots of fun
Excellent food, clean accomodations, loved the automatic hand washer.  Will definitely go back.
Very good ice cream. I love all of the toppings and the ice cream flavors.
Great food @  a reasonable price and comfortable atmosphere...can't wait to eat there again.
This is the best New York style pizza I have ever had in AZ.  I recommend them to all my friends!
Was hoping for an amazing experience but it's just ok food. Not horrible but nothing special.
Good food and good value as well. Go on Tuesday for $5 sandwiches and discounted beer.
Fun place to eat. Great bar. Best vodka martinis in west valley.
Try superbiotic pizza with daiya cheeze! It's my fav vegan pizza!
Love stone and vine - just a great  Neighborhood spot - nice menu and great service always .
updated
Nice visit. Lab work done on site. Mini hospital in a strip mall. Great dr, great staff.
We had a perfectly delightful lunch. Yuca tan pork was very good as was the tuna ceviche.
Great food and good prices. Nice simple pricing system and the baklava is to die for!
This was really good! Love the sweet potato hast with the steak and eggs. Really friendly staff!
Yes!!! It's back and the food is just as good as I can remember!!!! Staff polite great location.
Have waited 2 hrs multiple times for pizza, it's good but not that good to wait this long.
Don't come here at all bad customer service waiting almost 40min for a chicken burrito
Overprized and bad services. How it comes that they are still in the business. People shop around!!
Delicious tacos must try nachos are super good, great staff and friendly  you won't be disappointed
Awesome food and great people! Street tacos were excellent! Plus yummy Bloody Mary's!
Don't know how this place stays in business.  Their prices are not good.  You can do better online.
Fun atmosphere (indoor/outdoor seating), family friendly, great food, great service, clean facility.
Enjoyed an awesome protein shake after my recent workout! Love this place! Ask for Joe!
Awesome staff , great equipment, clean showers , next to a sonic what is there not to !!
Love this place, great food, huge portions, great price, just like dinners where I grew up
great place a real find.  cozy comfortable and GREAT food and food choices
The ribs and chicken are really flavorful.  Sides are ok.
great and fresh food.  the prices are ok not that sheap.
They did a fantastic job and I'm grateful for their honesty and hard work on our home.
Starting to look a little shabby in the units. Love the Lazy River, though.
Awesome sliders. Pretty good service. Nice patio. Somewhat douchey client le at times.
Great shrimp and strong drinks. Priced reasonably and tucked away quietly in Tega Cay.
Awesome experience, 2nd visit.  They still know how to impress impeccable service and fabulous food.
Great service and great waiters and waitresses every time we come. They know our orders by heart.
Wide selection, mediocre quality food.  What saved brunch was the made to order omelette station.
Irean was wonderful. Friendly, calm and skillful. Love my brows.
Chipotle is the tits! If you haven't been... GO!  Review over.
Great place here drinks are good and highly recommend to anyone in the area. Come here every weekend
Good food with very friendly service. I would recommend!
Great food. Breakfast burrito was out of this world. Shawna B gave us excellent service!!
Best Mexican food in the East Valley.  And the portions are huge, just plan on a to go box
Real mexican food, with real mexican employees... outstanding margarita specials also.
They've always been good and they always get the order right, every time. And Grub Hub was on time.
Very tasty and at a great price.  Spring rolls, fried rice, pho, and boba were awesome!
Still awesome!! Had even more selections this year and still great prices! Thanks again man!
Very friendly, quick service, and great food.  Hands down one of my favorite places to go eat!
Food was very flavorful and immense, service outstanding ! Overall great date or family restraunt !
Great place to get ur nails done! Went here randomly on a Sunday night and then did a great job!!!!
High quality inventory but a tad bit pricey for a thrift shop. Great vintage furniture selection.
Not the typical Mexican restaurant/food. Fresh ingredient for the more healthier minded person.
Bad Service,Good Food,No Gluten Free Menu.
My favorite all time best full supply all sports store. We come here every time when we are in town
Good place to go to for coffee near the university. Nice staff, too.
Amazing BBQ and wonderful customer service super friendly and the food speak for its self!
Awesome food and great customer service... You have to try this place... Good Mexican food!
Does anyone know when tickets for the arizona taco festival go 1/2 priced for the 2015 year??
Worst bacon egg and cheese bagel i ever had
It's the Keg. You know what you're in for. Great steak, decent prices. Love.
Adore this place! Worth the little trip away from the strip! Great food, funny throw-back decor!
Just Bad Food Service sucks. Poorly educated staff members
Great Coffee! Comfortable, Cool atmosphere and great guitar music on Saturday mornings.
Been here twice and the food has been great both times. Best Fajitas ive tasted hands down!!!
Incredible food!!!!!  Just had sweet potato soup.....AWESOME!!!! Ordered an extra bowl to go
Great experience and food. The garlic bread & cappuccino was...OMG good!!!  This place is a must!
Terrible car service ! Drivers are over worked . cars are terrible !! Go with a different service .
Pretty decent dim sum and wonton soup.  A good choice if you're getting a bit tired of Vegas food.
Great food....kind of in a seedy area...great prices...comfortable...a hole in the wall hidden gem
Horrible service with no regard for their loyal patrons. Definitely NOT worth your time nor money.
Great food, fast casual, clean environment.
Exceptional food, great service . I had the french style filet mignon, which is the best.
The prefer place for seafood lovers. Great quality for good price, can't beat it.
Amazing!! Great food, servers, and atmosphere.. The chicken pesto lasagna was the best!
Sympathique place! Cocktails toujours   l'avant-garde. Bouffe excellente! Un tantinet dispendieux
I love having a healthy option at the mall. Pita Jungle is one of my favorite restaurants.
Great food, complimentary wine, awesome garlic bread! Limited menu but worth the walk!
The calzone was spectacular! The pizzas were good. The place, at Public Market, was awesome.
Smooth coffee and friendly service. I'll. take this over Starbucks any day of the week.
What happened to Applebees?!?!?   They've lost their touch. The food just doesn't taste the same.
Excellent food!!! Great variety... had delicious matzoh Brie....definitely try this place out...
Fun atmosphere, great place to go for drinks with friends!the music is good, current and old school.
Amazing food and drinks. Great service. Love their private little rooms and the decor is super cute.
Tasty egg sandwich, but not impressed. Overpriced for what it is. I'd rather go see the Earl.
Bon restaurant Mexicain famillial. La nourriture est bien et le prix juste bon service.
Not worth the money!!! Good variety but should be valued at $20 or less. $40 for adults $20 for kids
Really great chicken and waffles. Wasn't a fan of pepper on the watermelon. Could be less expensive.
Loved the service, attention to detail, drive to *legally* get the best refund and entire process!
Fast and efficient. Awesome customer service. Would recommend coming here for sure! Thank you!!
Great place, good food. I really like the back patio area/bar.
Popeye is always one of my fav. Liked the mild chicken sandwich and some chicken pieces
Oh my god the breakfast tacos!!!! Don't order if you don't like spicy. If you do, you're welcome. ;)
They have the best rolls in the world.. chicken critters are amazing along with the staff
O bom deste lugar   que voc  pode montar sua pr pria pizza, e eles t m muita op es boas. Eu amei!
My Go-to choice for Chinese in Cornelius. Very friendly and family owned. Good tasting with no msg.
I like this place because it's cheap and good .  Tacos are good and staff  Is very friendly
Thia is not a bad ReStore but I've definitely experienced better.
Epic salon rin chandler ruined my hair. They made it look beautiful again. Theo is awesome!
Love this place good food reasonable prices. Sometimes service is a little slow
This place is amazing... so good. I have no complaints! Every time I try something new!
Super Soup, best winter takeout, enough for 2 meals, love it! I always feel better after Super Soup
I was really impressed with this location - excellent d cor, good food. I will gladly go again.
Snack On the Peanuts and Indulge with some Very drinkable beers like Higher Ground.
Rented a total of 6 tuxes for a wedding. Unbelievably bad experience. Won't ever use again.
Yummy, yummy. Fabulous food, excellent service, a wonderful way to spend an evening.
Ask for Jim, he's the best  My BF goes here and absolutely loves it!  Great people
Very kind staff and very reasonable prices. Definitely recommend this clinic.
Awesome food and atmosphere.  True to arab nargile/shesha places found in the middle east.
Great Food Great Prices Great Service!
It was good very friendly staff Alexis was awesome.  And beautiful waiting area free coffee
Had dinner here and burgers are excellent! Love the pickle bar and fries are one of the best around!
Fantastic. Amazing, amazing show!!!
Best indian food I have ever had, special ingredient used is love of uncle and Aunty,
Good selections and variety, but a little over priced for some items...overall, great store
Great spot to eat, drink,  or just hang out.  Food is great and the drinks are just as good.
It's more than a hotel. The best Venetian of Las Vegas and Macau.
I love this place I get the same thing Every time chicken chimichanga.
Great vibes & food. Regular place for happy hour.  Food varies by floor so try it all!
Love them.  Took excellent care of my babies.  Will definitely use again. Thank you so much.
Oh yeah. If u like sushi then you have to try Teharu Sushi. You won't be disappointed!!
Best market I been to....fresh meat...also best kabob I've ever tried..keep it up guys
Awesome little coffee shop. Really friendly with great baked goods.
Food was great, family oriented, service was excellent.  WOW did I eat good.  Highly recommended...
Great food and great atmosphere if your in the Gilbert area and need some bar food check it out
Love Yogurtland, love the tart varieties and fresh fruit toppings.
 40     20~30 
Love this place. The new Scottsdale location has awesome bloody marys and is closer to my house!
Boo! They're closed! Sadness. CLE needs more good Greek food!
Wish I had got to meet Mark. It was worth every minute of the drive.
Ate here for breakfast. Came for the bloody Mary's.. yum! Food wise.. not impressed but not bad.
Incredibly professional, knowledgeable, fair and customer service oriented.
Good food, better service. Great family environment. And they don't like the Cowboys!
Best-organized rubber stamp/craft store in the valley.
Staff is super sweet & this place delivers. Portions are HUGE!! Will definitely come back.
This place is amazing! So glad we found it. The boba gnush and hummus were incredible.
Good place to drink and watch the game....the wings are good everything else is just ok.
Excellent food and pleasant atmosphere and service!
Clean but a little pricy.  try not to buy popcorn and soda, its too expensive.
Love this place! The food is great. The portions are Hugh! The service is the best.
Love the tacos queso!  Yes, the QUESO is important!  Great atmosphere and sides.  Fantastic fajitas!
Best Thai food in town! Comfortable and intimate. Friendly staff and good price.
Service technique sur rendez-vous seulement.
Line was very long for brunch but great food. Fried chicken salad was very large, I was satisfied.
I love golden thai I have been coming here since 75thai closed , everything here is amazing!!!!
best food in town much better than tandoori times & india palace keep it up
Wow! Really good Italian food with a grocery store attached. Wish they were closer to where i live.
Katz Deli is indeed closed -- but the space will become a second Postino location.
Best hamburger in Kensington. EVER. Staff are super friendly. Washrooms are super clean.
The service here is not good.  Very unorganized and food arrived either undercooked or cold.
Super tasty food Mac n cheese was an unexpected delight. Great service too. We'll definitely be back
Always enjoy eating at Cafe zupas. Their food is always really good and is not too expensive!
Always delicious and consistent!  Fair prices, very fast service. Couldn't want anything more!
This is my go to place for Chinese in Henderson. It's super fast and the prices are amazing
Our family had lunch here. The sandwiches were great. Our daughter had a salad that was just ok.
I was on break and craving sushi... I tried the dynamite rolls....so good ,and at a great price!
Amazing! A bit pricey but I you can't find this food just anywhere, unless you are in Peru! :)
Trashy. That's really all I have to say. Can't do tricks past nine and yeah. Just no good.
Really good pizza I enjoyed every bit I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT the pizza was so fresh and hot
Huh?  Why does this have a page on here?  Hasn't this been closed for a long time?  Uhhhh......
Not impressed...the flavors are bit bland. Not up to gelato standards I've had in other places.
Great craft beer, really good service. We didn't eat food but I would recommend to anyone
The guys were very helpful and cool to deal with. I got a great haircut in a cool location.
Very unreliable. Their ETA is no where close to when they actually arrive.
The food here is so good. I can honestly say this was the best chicken I EVER had. Highly recommend!
Cristy was amazing! Super personable, knowledgeable and kind!
Great dive bar. Amazing prices and  super friendly staff. And great music on the bike box too
We've been here a lot of times and this place is our choice for the best non-MSG soondooboo.
Trivia night is a lot of fun on Thursdays. The food is good and the wait staff have a lot of fun.
Barro's is our favorite pizza for family night and we love their generous and meaty boneless wings.
Always amazing every time I stay here. One of the best timeshares on the market today.
they are always Very friendly. they have great service. Items are always ready when told to pick up.
The ultimate brownie was amazing. Service was good, music was good. Nice place. Would come back
Excellent little Hakka place. Food is very delicious! Their Chicken pakoras are the best!
Stopped in for a Thai tea to go so good luck on the food. Hope it's delish!
The service is fast and good but the food is just mediocre. Nothing special about this place.
Awesome local bar. Worth a visit. Try the moscow mule.
amazing food, cocktails & service - a great date spot, we really enjoyed our time on the patio
Meat and two....and Italian too. Good family dining, which is getting harder to find.
Fantastic food and service. Definitely worth the money or effort to come here. Best I've been to.
Best cheesesteaks in the east valley at least, awesome place.
These guys are not right. How they keep getting away with their crooked ways are a mystery.
Way overpriced. You need a magnifying glass to see the portions. Pretentious and tasteless.
I come here about twice a month, I have not found a better Philly steak in Phoenix.
Jennifer was great.   I received a River nail pedicure and wished I had time for a manicure too!
$10 whack ass burritos no thanks . They're meat is dry old refried beans I'll pass .
Too many parties booked not enough waitresses. come on SG?!! It's not the waitresses fault.
Forget the pads for the chairs at the bar turn down the music so everyone is not shouting!
filling. well priced. late hours. yum. farts.
Appreciate the cool style, flavorful and perfectly done ice cream. Recommend the milkshakes.
OK Kat - you nailed it again. That was the best damn Burrito I've ever tasted!!!!
Best location of all BodyHeat tanning salons! Very nice and helpful staff working and very clean!
Super friendly barber shop. Affordable and designs are unique and creative. Junior was great!
Super good!  Noodles were amazing.  Service was good! Came with the kids and they loved it too!
Amazing food. Only tried the wraps so far. Can't wait to go through the menu
Junk sushi, shitty service, nuff sed! Not coming back, just went here because it was in the area.
Nice Beer Selection.
My client bought a new wallet & the sales lady was very kind & helpful w/ him.
The only pub I've been to with lamb chops on the menu. The happy hour specials are great too.
Not the worst but still depressingly bad pizza. They are open late for what that's worth
Good pizza (not like Pizza Hut, more like home-made) with a great bar with nice, friendly service.
Just try the brisket. There is a reason all 5 star reviews.
Average, but generously sized meals. It took about 35-40 minutes after ordering to receive our food.
Great service! Always friendly and ready to exceed your expectations!
Ashley is the bestest. They'll let you act like an asshole on the reg of you tip them well
Fantastic atmosphere, service, and food. Can't stress enough, the atmosphere is amazing!!
This place feels like Budwieser bought an Applebees.  UGH!
The ice cream was so delicious. Strawberry banana was amazing. Salted caramel is so yummy
Comfortable bed, awesome location, yummy breakfast. Can't wait to stay here again.
Love it. Great place to take visiting friends and family. Very fun.
Great Happy Hour Specials and fun atmosphere.  Love the drinks that are served in the coconut.
Good place to grab lunch when I want a slice of pizza, salad and a beer. Friendly staff.
Average at best. Patty is cooked  for too long so it's very crunchy and not enough filling.
We had the snow crab. It was very good. The sauce and seasoning is fantastic! Service was good, too.
The pit stop has good food courteous servers and a nice atmosphere. Prices are reasonable.
The best burgers pretty much anywhere for a great price! The galley boy is to die for!
My fast food Korean food!  Love to get takeout from here!
Excellent communication and service. I am calling them to come out again & highly recommend them.
Food is always great and for a great price.  Decor could be better, but im all about their food.
How can you call yourself a diner when you don't even have real maple syrup?
i love everything here, the fresh fries, the burgers...yummmmmmm
Fantastic service and if you don't order the Screaming O you are not living life to fullest!!
Pathetic salad & dessert selection. Crust on fried chicken not crispy...mushy. Not worth $30.99
Great food and atmosphere.The best staff!Warm and friendly .Its like eating with family.
Cute stuff.  Similar to IKEA.  Customer service leaves something to be desired.
Please correct your store hours. We came by tonight at 6:30 and found you had closed at 5:00!
Avocado toast with Noble bread on the lunch menu!  Totally awesome and worth another visit soon!
Overpriced mediocre food, overpriced drinks, nothing special, just a standard pub fare
We've been here a dozen times - the pizza is always delicious, and the owners are wonderful.
Animal style is the best. Can never get enough of In-N-Out. Line always moves fast at this location.
I've been going to valley medical weight for 2 months and I am happy with the results.
Fast and great service... Good bar/Greek food... Great music selection... Will return
This is my first tasty lobster spaghetti, tasty is good. But Liverpool steak is so so.
Great place, staff and food.  I love it in the summer on their patio. It's beautiful!!!
Bad customer service and not much product in stock.
I bring my dog here ...great staff very friendly. they do a great job! I will not go anywhere else.
Great food, great Pho Delicious sweet and sour chicken. Close to the house and they deliver
The best service for a theater. The manager is very friendly they try hard to help community.
Love this place! Whenever I'm in this part of town I make sure to stop in for lunch. Love the ribs!
Awesome service and delicious ice cream! Love the coconut flavour! Definitely would go back!
Serious slice of pizza.  It's HUGE!  Taste's great.  Try them, you'll love the pizza.
Great quality food and perfect ambience. Service can be slow at times.
Really bad. Burgers were dry and flavorless. Pulled pork tasted off and very old.  Will not return.
I ordered a medium steak but it was cooked beyond well done. The service was poor as well.
Unique and expertly prepared.  Local sausage, pancakes and smoothies were all excellent.
Awesome vibe and super friendly people.  Stellar wine and beer list. Can't wait to come back!
Visiting from Minneapolis. Friendly, fast service. Fresh sushi and sushimi. No complaints.
Food is good but the poor service, both times I've visited, deters me from trying it again.
Excellent neighborhood pizza joint! Tasty, quick, and reasonably priced.
We ordered Mirchi bajji they gave Jalape o bajji - Worst sambar Vada that We ever had
Great Service!! Fried rice a little dry with few eggs or veggies. Overall, very clean!
Good prices.  Nice staples in an Asian bakery.  And... they have pretty decent Vietnamese subs.
Enjoyed the tex mex burrito w/steak.
The Candy store is awesome. The ice cream is delicious, add putt putt great way to spend a birthday
William is an amazing hairdresser there   I recommend this salon to my friends.
Wow the food at this place is amazing and unique, great service, always a great experience
Love this restaurant! Decor is nice and the vegetarian penne is to die for!
Great customer service and love to see smiling faces every time I go in.
We were in and out in 10 minutes, and the tires are reasonably priced. Very convenient!
I find that when you eat at the restaurant the food seems better then take away
Worst hotel ever. No AC, my kids are crying, it's disgusting. Stay anywhere but here.
Always delicious... I usually go about once a week for the teriyaki chicken yakisoba noodle bowl
Great coffee (duh), and a very quick line. Drag that you have to park and go in, but they are quick!
The BEST restaurant to have breakfast and drinks ! The food is amazing and the service is the same !
Usual Tim Horton's quality.  The staff do not look like the staff you see in their TV commercials.
What a fantastic place.  Celebrated my son's 13th birthday here.  Food was out of this world!
Their baked good are really good. The almond and coconut cookies are delicious and light.
Love the food, real authentic Brazilian! Ask for the lunch special is awesome.  Fantastic service.
Health conscious good food. Not expensive. Friendly casual atmosphere.
Great wine bar, really nice atmosphere, and delicious hors d'oeuvres and entrees.
Beau et bon restaurant fran ais ! D j  40 ans ! Un des classiques   Montr al !
Came quickly.  On time.  Did a good job.  Will use hire them again soon.
Great Cuban Sandwich and friendly service. Will return to try dinner sometime soon.
Amazing Lebanese restaurant.
late last year my husband took me to taste their shrimp scampi and oysters,  ummmmm sooooooo good...
The people who work here need to learn about customer service. Rude and slowwww!
Great food ! Never bad service. We eat out often , by far a great lunch ,outstanding prices too
Was looking forward to this because the HK branch was absolutely delicious but we were underwhelmed
Awesome church that accepts "everybody" regardless of ethic group, economics, status, etc.
Its a must for roast duck and chow mein. Treasure bean curd soup is also a good entree.
Knowledgeable and super friendly these hometown heroes get 5 stars!
This is the only buffet in Las Vegas you should eat at. The breakfast there is amazing.
"c" rating from the Health Dept. hanging on the wall....NOT COOL
If you haven't ate here you're not living.  Don't consider it pizza.  It's 5 star dinning.
Best Italian restaurant ever! Worth the wait!!!!!!!!! Wait isn't that bad prepare for a good meal!
Very high quality food. Friendly service and a clean environment.
Tried it out after the reviews. It was okay. Nothing mind blowing
do not order delivery hour and a half had to cancel
Great place if your craving great coffee and good deserts
Very nice establishment with little wait. Ask for Nikki, the man can give a clean fade.
Cheerful, honest and thorough.  Price did not grow. Need more business owners like this.
This place was amazing! Waiter was very helpful in selecting menu options for our co workers.
Awesome staff, great menu and beer selection. So excited to have them in the neighborhood!
Ammmazing!!!! Great food... great location ...... home cooked ..... service is spectacular
Awesome Pet Store! Friendly and helpful staff. Great selection of treats, food and toys. A++
Don't pass up the free basil and other gratis topping. ;)
Great place for burgers, fries, cheesesteak and pizza.  Quick service and clean.
Great service and pies! Love the pumpkin such good flavor but crust was a bit too dry.
There is better Greek in Montreal. Food was not fresh, waiter was not good. They need to improve.
Gespacho is really, really good. Nice and intimate. Quiet this time of year.
Looking for a great experience in hair cutting. See Meghan.... One of the best in Las Vegas
The most delicious frozen hot chocolate and such fast service! Definitely coming back.
Ono Ono Ono Food, friendly staff and the owners are great!  A must visit when we come back again!!
I got Protein cobb and this is what I get in my salad. Very fresh zupas Very fresh brown salad..
Yum! I ordered online. Great customer service. Awesome subs. This is a great sandwich shop.
Great spot. Nice people. It is my favorite yogurt place.
Me gusta la comida y la atenci n que dan y la comida sabrosa. Bueno lo que yo ped  me gust  mucho.
Definitely the nicest Cafe Rio I've ever been to. I ordered extra Barbacoa and they sang me a song!
best washing machines in all the land. the girl that works there sunday night is gorgeous!
OMG! What an amazing place! Gabby is absolutely fantastic. World class service...Thank you!
This place is a dump. Stinky rooms, ripped carpet, cigarette holes in the comforters. Stay away.
Excellent coffe and the blueberry cream Danish is absolutely delicate and to die for! Yummm!
Service is slow and sucks.. wait is to dam  long Made a group reservation and the didn't have it
Good food east side of building  outside is absolutely disgusting trash everywhere it's gross
Really really good food. I've been here few times, it's a low key place with delicious food.
Great customer service, always friendly staff. Free tire pressure check! That's a great deal.
Charming little eatery. Great breakfast wrap. They accommodate special request. Allergic to cheese.
Fav spot in the city, amazing food, drinks, cozy, great staff and owners!
Love the farm to table concept. Staff was very friendly. Food was great. Highly recommended.
I use them on my rental homes.   They are good about scheduling and getting the job done.
Burger is strong.  Fries good.  Beet salad excellent.  Out of falafel salad.   Overall very good
Will up the review and stars when the sauerkraut rolls out to the place for the hotdogs.
The service and the meats were top notch.  I'll definitely be going again.  Very cozy.
I love poki so much!! This restaurant has a lot choice!! Price is good!! I will go back again soon.
Ordered a milk shake, blizzard and some chocolate.  Everything was refreshing and delicious
This place exceeded our expectations! Burgers were so flavorful.  Fresh cut fries were the best!!
Good team, Quailty Merch, Fast Service. What more can I say?
10 minute drive thru line time. Wonderful. The food was good; the service is horrible.
Great food, fun decor!
Great place for breakfast - stop whenever we are passing through.  Very friendly staff.
Very cozy inside. I liked the chairs too. Pho ya was good and loved the deep fried spring rolls!
Enchiladas with modelo bison and corn chowder very good
Best burger I've ever had. Great affordable place to eat on the strip
Rossy was great! Food was awesome! Will be back for sure! Not to long of a wait even tho it was sat!
Recommend beef noodles,tofu and coconut dessert. A must try place for any noodles lover
Meh. Sad but it was just meh. Had pie on the visit. It's freaking pie. And it was meh. So sad
Delicious dishes. Finally Indian food that packs a punch in the neighbourhood.
Always good. Lots of food, plenty to share. Plan on a moderate wait.
Went with my mom and love the space.   Every one was very friendly  and the food was delicious!
reliably good food. nice portions for the price.
Cant go wrong with this place specialy if you need a family eat out spot.
Tonight's dinner was very good. I had the 8oz filet it was cooked great and tasted very good.
Great hookah at a good price.  Chilled environment with good service.  The hostess is on point.
Unkempt and malnourished roses. As a rosarian I was not impressed. I don't recommend this to anyone.
I wish they were open for lunch more often. Create your own taco. Brilliant.
Love this place! The food is good, prices are reasonable, and service is always efficient!
They need to add some dark chicken curry to their menu.
Good portion, good spice, good flavour, good value!  Will definitely be back!
Food was fine. Beer is cheap and a fairly good. Ambiance is just ok. Service was ok.
Their crab bendict is AMAZING!!! So yummy for brunch and mimosas!! Definitely will be back!!
came in a few times looking for our favorite server shana.  what happened to her??
I tried their curried special for lunch and this is my second visit....great Indian Food
The gelato and crepe cakes are amazing! Such a delicious treat
Visiting from out of town and the reviews are accurate! Great full body massage at a great price!
Best *'%#ing streak house! Better than Mastros. 1000 degree oven masks the streak awesome.
great food and a great atmosphere, huge patio to unwind after a tough day, great staff
The food is very good!  Authentic Thai.  Good lunch specials...fair prices...and very good service.
Service was amazing and fast. Food was just like any other place, it is also a little pricey.
Absolutely amazing sushi. The owner and head chef makes this place one of the best in town.
Good food, small portions, pricey, confusing ordering system on the first visit.
Love this place. Great atmosphere and location. The food is always top notch with great quality.
Ordered the Shish Kebab Roll with NO onions for takeout. Won't return.
I eat here anytime I am in the area.  Love it.  The Firecracker roll is awe.some.
Great wings, great food at a decent price in a nice n quite location.  Will go back many times
fun happy hour place! good appetizer selection! great beers! funny bartenders!
...
Definitely prejudged this hole in the wall. The taco chiwas are exceptional!   I'd go back any day.
Great dim sum, fast delivery, my go to when I won't cook
Nice atmosphere and fun to sit on patio but really average food. I had the ice cream sandwich
Loe it and a nice store to find something unusual in. Love local stores and rare finds.
Always delicious! Orange chicken is a must have, they use real orange peels in their sauce.
The food is excellent great service my second time here and I plan on dining here alot
Perfect hair cut after months of searching for a good hair salon. Tatjana is wonderful.
Great service, and great food. The wine was delicious and the food was so good and fulling.
Not the best conditions but a great course with excellent views.
Loved it, didn't experience anything negative. Its 12 bucks to locals on a weekday with a Rio card.
The owners were helpful and respectful. I will come back again.  The mechanic gave me peace of mind.
Good hot dogs. Good root beer. Not a chain. Good times.
Gone downhill, The floors and tables are always greasy, and my salad had a distinctly grey tone.
When the cup says vanilla flat white but tastes like a bag of burn ass coffee..............
It was MUSICAL! Its a must see if you are in Vegas! Its only for 15 minutes.
Meh.  Nothing special.  Food was just ok.
Pretty decent quality. Good selection of drinks, DELICIOUS appetizers. Slightly pricey, however.
Brings back memories from childhood days. Probably over 100 pinball machines in here. Very cool!
Palm trees in sand..beach side Miami..awesome drinks..well priced..great place for a fun evening..
Very professional and quick! I make appointments usually a head of time but same day which is great.
Fast turnaround, great friendly service. Much better than my previous cleaners.
This is a beautiful place! Love the outdoor seating but wish they have a nicer menu for lunch.
Update... closed
Great place and friendly staff, the food was excellent, I recommend this sushi to everyone!!
The worst!  35 minutes just to leave the damn airport!  Bad product, bad attitude, stay away.
Best car wash brand in vegas ! Purchase 14.99 each month you got unlimited car wash ! Wow ! Amazing!
Love this place and have been going for over 10 years! Always honest and reliable. Great service!!
I love the vegan French toast. It's amazing and quick service. Great environment and great staff
Love Yao!  Food is delicious  and affordable. Staff is attentive and friendly!
so awesome! I love the games and the environment. always fun groups of people
Great atmosphere excellent coffee great staff great deserts looking forward to come back again !
We love this place so much. Its the most amazing place in the summer for date night. Super romantic!
Sad there's only 1 location!!! But this spot is soo good! Jade red chicken is my favorite !!
I LOVE this place.....food is GREAT and workers are somewhat friendly. My regular spot....
Im from California and this dd's is great manager is awesome i will be coming back next family trip
Mediocre service,  lots of people behind the counter, but too many just standing around.
Excellent service, a good value for the money.  The food was excellent, especially for the price.
Real nice outdoor, heated garden eating area.  Nice food.  The service could be nicer.
Great chicken, great portion, affordable price. Chicken poutine from here is a boon.
I'm pretty certain I just paid $8 for a hot dog that's been on the rotisserie since yesterday.
Food was decent, service was great, way over priced.
Food Is delish but service is whack. Just because it's busy, doesn't mean you can't be nice! ASS!
Great food and service, we drive from old town Scottsdale area every couple of weeks to eat here.
If you come in early you might get lucky and get 8 hole wings instead of  8 wingets...
The Bulleit Rye Manhattan is a good starter. Trust the staff from there.
Awesome fish sandwiches!...good friendly service, recommended.  Clean place, including restrooms.
Food was OK do not go with more than six people because they will tax you 18% tip not cool
Lots of racks of $1.00 clothing! Brand names! Household items, kids stuff. Nice people!
Love how this place looks. Super clean, food is fresh, workers are friendly and good options!
Fantastic service.  Always prompt and helpful - use Capts every week for this reason.
Very good food. Nice menu selection. Friendly staff. And AMAZING ice cream. Will return.
They are my go-to for eyebrow threading :) and henna for my sister. They do a wonderful job :)
Love love love my hair! Will definitely become a regular with Tatjana! Thank you so much!
I eat lunch here quite frequently, breakfast also. Great food cooked fresh & friendly staff.
Unique, fresh, quality burger! Super nice customer service and food made fresh to order!
Delicious waffles, great coffee and amazing customer service! Will definitely be coming back :)
Very good food, nice waitress. Friendly atmosphere. The seafood soup I got today was fantastic.
This place was GROSS. The meat was fatty, the broth was salty and the service was horrific. Blech.
Great local tackle shop with good prices. The owner/employees give great advice and tips.
The cutest place! Great for brunch! Lemon sherbet prosecco Delish!  Good vibes and chill jams!
Fresh and made to order!!! Loooove everything but especially the breakfast burrito!!!
I would rather have medium poached eggs and wheat toast here... than any dessert offered worldwide.
Dr Torres is an Amazing Doctor
good food and good portions. good service too. just holy crap its expensive!!!
This place is wonderful. Good menu. Short but good. Drinks galore. Great girls.
Superb. Great staff, great food, and large servings.
Fast service. The food was pretty good overall . Definitely will return for more grub.
Food was ight but workers gave a good vibe 10/10
My husband is a fan, spicy tuna roll is good
One of the better breakfast buffets on the strip . 4 stars for the Omelet man .
The staff here are so friendly and the food is yummy. The pastries are always delicious.
This place lives up to the hype!  Everything was amazing!  The razor clams were my favorite!
It's fine. expensive, but you get to create your own salad.
Love this place - even just for cocktails - great ambience - definitely a Summerlin secret gem!
Wings were amazing.. as always Girls beautiful.. as always Atmosphere was great.. as always  Thanks
Awesome food. Great price and clean restaurant. Will be back. Gyro was delicious . Very nice people
These are the best donuts you can get in Las Vegas. Pink Box is nothing compared to these.
This location is a mess. Slower than a drunk snail, cold food, dirty dining room, and shady staff.
Food was awesome. My favourite was lemon chicken with fantasy salad.  Service was great too.
I have eaten here umpteen times, and have loved every sandwich, pasta, and salad I've had!
Really cool idea - yucky ice cream...
Amazing steaks and the ranch house oarsis are awesome!!! BEST local place for steaks and vino.
Went here for a child's bday party! Very inexpensive and fun for all ages! Highly recommend.
Great old school kind of food. Something for eveyone. Love this place. Definitely check it out!
First time here. Breakfast was delicious. Server Laura was really sweet. Will definitely be back.
Not looking for the exclusivity/exclusion they boast about; I want my child to experience diversity.
Love the menu names and the food! I come here for ice cream and their amazing sides. .
Love this place food is great and so unhealthy for you, I think that's why it taste so good.
No help awful ready to buy a phone onsite and was refused because Rep did not want to work.
Cauliflower tacos and potato tacos were superb :D Great service and strong drinks
I would totally recommend the bacon jalape o grilled cheese.  Delicious!
Good place to hit before the UNLV games.  Good food and of course fun crowd with great beers.
Great sale! 40% off everything in the store today-Saturday. Great selection, helpfully associates.
Brina is awesome. Thank you for great service. We will be back. She was super friendly
 ^ ^  smoked salmon     
This place stinks!
Tased bad. The bamboo and chashu are not good as other restaurant. Ramen soup flavour less.
LOVE this place!!! Staff friendly and food fresh and delicious. You guys franchising?? Dave B.
Great lunch. Big menu, ordered the salmon on romaine salad. Look forward to coming back at night.
Over rated and soggy in the middle pizza. Pizzeria Via Mercanti is far far better
I would highly Recommend it if you love good breakfast food! Quick service friendly smiles!
Always fresh and flavorful. Love the kebabs and falafel bowls. Please open one on the southwest!
Awesome taste, great sushi, slow service due to business.
way better lunch options around... boring and undergunned on the sandwich insides...
Booooo bed bugs everywhere. DO NOT LIVE HERE. Staff here lies and not helpful.
Great service and very knowledgeable about there craft. Always professional, kind and friendly.
Would give them NO stars!! Horrible internet service ever. Have no words for Cox except they suck!!!
love there home fragrances and candles there.nice variety and selection of groceries.
Meh. This store is kinda gross. Dingy. I'd rather drive farther to have a better experience
Yummy, yummy, rich tasting ice cream.  The pumpkin really tasted like a ice cream-ified pumpkin pie!
Great repair. Excellent service. Was able to do it on the spot and returned calls promptly.
Very knowledgeable servers! This restaurant knows its clientele! Guy Fieri, you're the best!
Jo-Ann's can be pricey, but great fabrics in the clearance section!
Cute little place with great food. My favorite is their polish sausage and smoked salmon bellies.
Amazing food and prices! They offer discounts for UNCC staff and students and are always very nice.
Great BBQ food. Good house-made sauces. Loved the smoked potato!
Super good, super friendly. Gteat atmosphere.  Reasonably priced.  Try Julie's omelette!!
One of my favorite Pittsburgh spots. Great food , fantastic vegetarian options. My go to place.
Great restaurant!!   The staff was outstanding the food was great!!   Would definitely return!
Dont  expect a salad or bread with your pasta. Not what I've seeen elsewhere.
Good foot, cheap prices on Alcohol and food!  Definitely recommend this place!
Pricey, but so good. Great vibe. Rent the back room if you can.
Very nice customer services and outstanding desserts. Friendly and courteous. Great job
Great food (& quick). Staff is very friendly!! Always greeted with a "hello". Great fries too
The lasagna was the best ive ever tasted so far! Great place to get italian food! Yum
until now the best service, fast and easy...  Noe Pedroza helping us with all our questions
Nice theatre.  A little dated.  Usual high priced candies.
Amazing In-n-out in less than 1/2 and didn't spend a fortune for a broken iPhone switch
Best Mexican is Las Vegas!  I finally found a great place for Mexican.  Get the fish tacos!
What a place for buying a disc golf and gathering info for disc golf! awesome selection of discs.
Good food. Great service. If you live in and around Waxhaw, this is a must try.
Was very happy with the outcome of my carpets! Patrik was friendly and thorough with his work.
This is my new goto lunch spot.  The bowls are amazing and you really can't go wrong.
Always a Nekter fan! Great bowls and juices! Have had rough customer service a few times.
Excellent food, great variety, yummy!  Rose Reisman's bowls are deeelish'!!!
Sliders were great and service matched.  The best thing was the dessert...WOW!
Best sushi in Phoenix. Junio is the owner. He's a showman and has a very good restaurant.
I love kettle corn!  They make it awesome!  I would drive for miles to get.  Yum Yum
Clean well kept hotel. Nice staff. Seems larger than most HGI. Comfortable bed. Great breakfast.
Super tasty tapas style Thai.  Really enjoyed the variety, everything was fresh and expertly done.
The Pharmacist Gary is very helpful and funny.  They offer compounding and delivery service.
Great place to see a $2 movie or $1.50 movie on Tuesday. Price for drinks and popcorn is good too.
They overcharge for shipping... I got charged 25.00 for an item that costs 13.95 at the post office.
They do the job as promised.  They show up as agreed and answer the phone when you call.  Fantastic.
This experience is worth the money!  The food is top notch & the service is excellent!
Excellent breakfast and lunch... Traditional American style.  Friendly waitress too.  Recommended.
Great staff and doctors.Very efficient.  We are very satisfied with all aspects of the office.
Amazing amazing mussels. Must try!
I did common on this restaurant few weeks ago, where is my common?
Friendly service and great price.  Been going here for 5 years and never had any problems.
Exceptional tanning facility, superior customer service. Seriously a great place to tan!
I am happy with my laser.I already seen result after couple times,MICHELLE IS SO NICE AND HELPULL.
I ate here two days ago. Loved the guacamole. The appetizer options for happy hour were great
Love this place! Fresh sushi and great food every time we go.  Their beef tataki is a must try.
We love this place! Staff are well trained! Food is excellent!! Very highly recommend this Culvers!!
Combo 1 was very good, meat tasted fresh and especially loved the fries.  Will be back
My favorite comic book store. Tons of great past issues and new releases. My kids have a ball there.
I'm planning a trip to Vegas soon. I'll come if Ryan cooks my food !!!  Loved her on Hell's Kitchen
All-day breakfast at Punjabi Haveli...  Simple, clean and light breakfast at an affordable price.
The food was really good. The only reason for 4 stars is the noise. Not a good dinner atmosphere
Cinnabon. Its just that. A yummy what 500 calories per roll? I'll walk it off while we shop!
A great place for organic sandwiches and soups and enjoy outside at the sun.
Great service, friendly staff.  Highly recommend.  Been a patient for 2+ years.
Excellent rapport qualit  prix, bonne nourriture asiatique, service d contract !
2 stars because the macarons were definitely not fresh. It was super hard and crunchy.
Great service, food, and friendly atmosphere. Thanks Metro!!
Excellenet food evrything evryone had was great
Been in Madison 3 years. Hands down my favorite place to eat. Great service, good food, super cheap.
Great pad Thai and red curry. Long sushi selection. Highly recommend the Thai basil fried rice.
Always love 32 Shea!  Great food, drink an atmosphere!  It is the best addition to the neighborhood!
John was really nice about my off the menu request for just brisket and cheese - no bun!
We love it; kid friendly and great food :)  SO we are regulars - the best!
Loved the fresh coconut bars!! Every bite had chunks of fresh coconut. Very unique flavors to try!
This place has really a really rude person working here. Just go up the street to Domino's.
Quaint little place in the heart of town! Great drinks and food!
I could eat here for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack time, bed time, WHATEVER. SO GOOD !
Thin crispy pizza I've been looking all over the city!!! Wow it's so good and thin I love it!!!!
I always stop in this subway to buy a dozen cookies for my customers.  They love them!!
I loved this place. Very creative vegetarian dishes. I will definitely come back here.
I was always recommended to come to Chicken Cafe. Food was great. Will return.
The food is mediocre.  The menu is very limited. Panera is much better with many more choices.
Standard Chinese food for a low price.
The staff is always friendly, and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome.
I love this place. A true hidden gem!!!!
Biscuits and gravy, you cannot go wrong!!
Got it delivered through Grub Hub and it was still hot and delicious.
Fantastic service & good! Had scallops and side of smashed potatoes. And lavender espresso. Wow!!
Terrific happy hour- good food, great drinks- awesome specials!
Food was good...  quick food all night.  Nothing amazing but it did the trick
This is an extremely slow rental car firm. The staff is not organized and not very friendly
Quality coffee and pastries, kitchen was closed during my visit but I'll be back!
Very good.  Nice sushi, interesting other dishes, super cool atmosphere.  Definitely a winner.
I like urban beans, my hot chocolate was gorgeous, needed more peppermint, but was good.
Walter painted our house in one day it looks amazing fast and friendly service recommend them highly
Such mismanaged place . If u have a lot of time to waste for ok food please come here
I use Amanda for grooming..I have a dog with lots of anxiety n trust issues..Shes amazing with him
Amazing sushi, service, and atmosphere. A true diamond in the rough! Absolutely going back.
Run don't walk. The employees at this place are literally the worse people in the world.
Great food, never have been disappointed, but not quite my favorite Sonoran.
They get 2 stars for actually delivering the flowers.  Looks nothing like what I ordered lol.
Disgusting portions of cheap and unhealthy grub. And long lines.
Very good breakfast, had the corned beef hash, real corned beef, crispy and delicious.
Best food but cranky service which somehow fits the ambiance so I'm not complaining.
Definitely recommend definitely returning! Great service great food variety very inexpensive
Love the chicken and desserts. Fries as well! But always busy the place so recommend to go.
Very loving pet care hospital one of the best I have ever been blessed to visit.
Good crepes. Great atmosphere and live music especially in back garden. Friendly for families.
Great place for breakfast or lunch, had the Route 66 burger with a poutine and it was great
Delicious! So accommodating of different food allergies. Fried artichokes were so good!
Moroccan home cooking!  Abdul runs an incredible place here.  A small, simple, and incredible menu.
Great service! Wilson is awesome, the clothes are incredible and prices can't be beat!
Have eaten lunch here many times, excellent food, great service and a reasonable price.
Absolutely original and delish. All Fox restaurants are great.
Earl is my boy! Hands down best sandwiches ever. Can't go wrong with chicken avacado.
Beautiful store, great deals, nice people! What else could you ask of in a retailer?
Great selection and upkeep of machines. Be a Pinball Wizard here!
The food is ok but no excuse for having a dirty metal holder for the salsa.
Best hummus in town! Good service & food. Love to stop by for dinner whenever in town.
The jade red chicken is amazing. The cookies are the perfect ending to a meal.
Everything we had was good-jambalaya, po boy and catfish. Service was also prompt and knowledgeable.
The ice cream was not fresh and did not have a good texture.
First time here and I loved it!! Very fast and great service. The tom yum soup is delicious
It would appear this location has closed down. Drove by this evening and the place was in darkness.
I like it a lot did my cut exactly what I asked for and more  will be a repeat customer.
Nice spot for a sit down meal. Service was good, several tasty gluten friendly options.
Hott Damn - Well worth the drive and the wait - Best BBQ this side of Lockhart TX
Security was a joke. The bouncers were awful. I'm done going to this club.
Very tender... Veal porterhouse is highly recommended :)
Great place to stop and rest. Oh, and get some shopping done too.
Best burrito place in town! Service is also really great too. Highly recommend this location.
Great pizza, and wine at a decent price. But there are no walls with lots of kids. Very loud.
Nice little spot to grab breakfast with a ton of vegan and vegetarian options. Food tasted good!
This restaurant is closed.  Reopening date is uncertain.
The salad and soup are very well made.  And th customer service is really great here.
A good place to take dive bar fans, sports fans, and foodies. Always have a great experience here.
Great atmosphere, service, great pizza choices, apps, and drink choices. Margarita pretty good.
So amazing we went twice delicious chicken and waffles and heavenly biscuits. Definitely recommend!
Great place! Fast and friendly service and their sushi is delicious and priced fairly.
Love love love this place! Sophisticated and classy. A nice and fun environment.
Some of the best Italian pizza I've ever had in Vegas and good customer service. 5 stars
High quality great quaint place with unique menu and very tasty. Excellent service to top it off.
The chicken fajitas are the best I've had so far, waitresses are nice and speedy service.
I had the lamb here as I love lamb.  It was AMAZING!!!  All I can say is wow.   I will def be back!!
Great food! Somewhat overpriced!  $8 Fries. $4 Sprite for a kid and no refills. Crazy!
The food is phenomenal! The decorating is unique and really cool! The service is snooty!!
First time - not going again.  Awful food and more awful service - that was breakfast.
every nice place to eat the order wont take the long . they are supper professional
Great and fast service. Friendly staff and clean store. Beverage and food was great as well.
I'd come here every week if I lived here, amazing service, best hand pulled noodles ever!
A great, quaint little cafe in Lacolle. Friendly staff and yummy food. Note - not open on Sundays.
Love going to places like this. Authentic food, relaxed environment and friendly staff!
Always good food and drinks. Lively and fun crowd. The bar staff are attentive and on their game.
Ordered eggs benedict. Sauce had no kick to it. It was mainly buttery/cheesy taste. Gross.
Good food but bad customer service... very rude staff. The food is consistently good though.
Great place for grooming for any breed. Very clean and knowledgable staff.
Not bad bbq but does not make my top three in town. I was expecting more quality for my money
Nice price and quality for the gel   I like it so much and the environment is clean and quiet
Great sushi, inventive rolls. Waitress knows her sake!
Love this place!! Great Dj, great Staff, very helpful. The atmosphere and ambiance is incredible.
Kevin, Molly and Ashley what more could you ask for?? Oh wait great food they have that too..:)
This place makes me love to grocery shop.  So many high end, yummy things.  Expensive, but amazing.
Love this place . good healthy food. Great service great drinks. This is very clean too.
My all time favorite crepes.Find them at Paris Casino, Las Vegas. Try the nuttela one.....
Not a fan of the parking lot at lunch time, but the food and service is worth it.
Best breakfast place in town. LOVE the BLT and I always ask for my hash browns a little crispy.
First time coming here. The JJ's Original with grilled onions and peppers was delicious!
Heart attack platter, yes.  Delicious southern food, of course.
great place awesome customer service and every book you need!!! Right across from MCC!!
Good Hawaiian/Korean style food and good island people.
Delicious curry. Great prices for the amount of food and hands down best Indian food I've ever had.
I saw your restaurant on diners.drive n and diners...congrats....im heading your way soon.
Best thai food in the East Valley. Just indulged myself in the Red Curry. Amazing flavor.
Fast and friendly! The only thing is that the business is hard to see from the main road.
This place is the best place ever! So much fun for everyone! Doesn't matter your age or skill.
Delicious cheap mexican food! Enough said!!!!!!
Great as always, my favorite good food and service. Chips are great tonight, my salad also..
This is one of our favorite place to go for Brunch after Sunday Mass. Rick was an attentive server.
Terrible ,terrible , horrible service and we were the only table in the place!  Food was good.
Sooooo good!! Vampiro tacos are bomb. Love tells fish , shrimp and vegan option. So so good.
First time here...love it!  Great arena, legroom, acoustics.  Came for George Strait.
Great Service and the food is very fresh and cooked to order.  The Chicken Caesar salad is the bomb.
Do it.  It's free, it's fun.  The water dances to music.  What is there not to like??
Moosehead is a neighborhood bar with great food, reasonable prices and solid regulars.
Definitely worth a visit . Pretty authentic on couple of dishes , ambience can be improved on .
Perch was awful, clams were sandy, waiter knew nothing. Overpriced and pretty bad = never again.
Good Mediterranean place to eat. Pita bread is good and the chicken shawarma is amazing.
Expensive frozen dough pizza.  They cannot pretend to be an Italian restaurant. Big disappointment
Big Shell gas station.  Its fully loaded and super clean.
Karen said 2-1/2 "Tastes like every other pizza chain" but I'll say 3 "Good mushrooms and crust"
$1 oysters. They were fresh and delicious. Worth every penny!!
Great resturant with great food and staff , with a wide variety of options , must try !
A rip off ,staff is not friendly ,food and drinks overpriced,golf overrated.  And rooms are small.
Great food, fast service! Awesome for lunch. Definitely recommended for good Middle Eastern food
Awesome customer service & knowledge!! Curtis goes above & beyond to help his customers.
Great service and food! Halibut was prepared well and the farro risotto it came with was delicious
Just found out they closed their doors!!! as of 08/01/2011!!!
Great selection of Eastern European products compared to other likewise stores in Las Vegas.
Like my picture caption says ****** My first order and pleasantly very impressed!  I'll be back
I just love this place!! I drive from North Phoenix sometimes just for the turkey sandwich!
Great staff, nice to have a family owned bbq joint to go to. Food is always excellent.
I love their chicken soft tacos!! The best ever. They are good for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Yum.
What a cool place to come to watch the Broncos!!!
They have the best Philly chz steak sandwiches & fries ever!  There fries are thebomb.com!
Again clean and organized.  This is my regular mail place and I'll never go anywhere else again! !
The cheese bread was great, the ranch house potatoes were really good and it was a nice steak.
We love the players club!! Great food, and atmosphere!! Lori and Mike are amazing!!!!
The red bean bread was even heavy with huge filling of red bean paste. Nice place to hang out.
Unique selection, awesome atmosphere, and very reasonable prices! Will definitely be going back!!
Amazing service, food, and prices. Chicken Gyro was delicious and side salad was super fresh!
Best homemade Food  fresh & delicious , staff warm and friendly . Will definitely go back.
La fermeture de La Mont e a  t  annonc e de 2 septembre 2011 http://www.lamonteedelait.com/articles
My new favourite bar in Montreal! 5 stars all around:  original entrance, decor, service and drinks!
Still a great company! They even lowered my bill and gave me more features! This was a winner!
Staff was friendly and helpful.  I will definitely be back soon.  Garments came out Amazing
Amazing, home cooked style food and the friendliest people. Love that we found Candy! Thank you!
nice for breakfast and informal dinners in my neighbourhood
Nice ambiance, GREAT HOOKAHS and Grown & Sexy place to visit while visiting SCOTTSDALE AZ
lots of locals lots of liquid lunches lots of drinking and driving.
Fish are fresh, but they are charging for Hot tea for $4/cup. The food is good but way over price.
Had a selection of appetizers and it was all yummy.  The decor is amazing!  Friendly service, too.
Great experience! We loved the food and the service! Best Italian I've ever had hands down.
Best burger I've ever had in my life.  I'll be dreaming about those caramelized onions.
Great ambiance. Very friendly service. The food was delicious. I would definitely come back.
Great 60+ lanes and they are adding more lanes for PBA.   Great customer service.
Excellent food and service! Always a fun place to visit!
great value for lunch specials! All the ingredients taste fresh every time! Happy Eating
Great service and food exactly as you'd expect.  The patio is great during pleasant weather.
The food was amazing super cheap and great costumer service i would defiantly come again!!
Fun atmosphere and decent happy hour.
This place bases it's success on good quality food and fast service. That's all I really want.
Shellfish Trio = the bomb diggidy! Try the lavender ice cream & the Canoe appetizer :)p
Ordered a buta don and a miso ramen. Taste like something diy. Definitely won't return there.
Classic diner type restaurant. Great "old Vegas" atmosphere. Good food!!
Food was ok. $6.98 for all kids menu items. $9.95 for a Philly wrap. Probably won't be back .
Marissa is awesome. Talented, compassionate and professional. The packages are great deals.
just asking where Angie and Alisha went... Thanks...
Pilar is so great - she gives a wonderful cut and is a really great color artist.
This location did a great job. Quick and painless. My attendant dawn was so helpful and kind.
Saved me money and did an awesome job with all of my shoes.
I go and and think this will be awesome, but it is just pretty good.  It is a solid choice.
Fajitas were good, but appetizers and other dishes could use some work.  Flavor and texture was off.
like I said before, this place knows how to make a GREAT hazelnut mocha
4 of us waited 30 mins for the coffee, got up and left, totally ignored the whole time.
Ely is legit,  friendly and knows how to cut hair. No more bad cuts for me...   Thanks Ely.
mexican food in phoenix is waaay different than mexican food in los angeles but it was still great!!
Gross food. Not authentic Mexican food at all. I didn't like it one bit. To each her own though.
It's Chili's, what can you say?  Staff is friendly and lunch specials are great.
Good service.  But this place is highly over rated and over priced.
great people, I love my henna :) they were pretty busy & still fit me in last minute! will go back!
Excellent service! Always helping customers with a big smile !  love their professionalism .
Food was pretty good. I'm not a big Mexican food person but enjoyed the food while I was there.
food tasted good but I got food poisoning that night. Extreme vomiting. dont eat here!!!
Such a great space! Very excited about this location and excited about the Parlor Coffee.
Had a really delicious brunch there yesterday with the fish and grits and a blue coconut martini!!!
Ross, I hope you're going to show up somewhere else. Sure miss you in SP.
Good American pizza not true Italian but good enough for Las Vegas.
3.45$ CAD for a plain Bagel with nothing on it.  No trenta and no cold brew available (today)
I have been going to Joni for many years and she has always done an amazing job! She is the best!!
Grest coffee and friendly service! I'm excited to make this spot one of my new regular places!
Food was delicious!  Prices were very good, and the service was fast!
Best pedicure around!  Super clean too!  The atmosphere is awesome. Massage was great! I'll be back!
within 2 months our truck stop working, and we paid them over $2,000...
great place to grab some food. there is a karaoke next door. The beef tofu soup is good too.
Always a solid choice. Well made food, family atmosphere, but the menu really doesn't change.
Slowwwww service so far, but the food is great
Delicious, cheap, and fast! My only wish is that we would have found it sooner on our trip.
Forgot how good the food is here..Damn they need one in Yuma!!!
Beer is cold, tequila is good and guacamole is spicy ...and that's how Latin bar should be
My family of 3 all loved it. Put us in a food coma after. yummmmm the dessert bar was my favorite!
Waiter was good, but drink/assistant waiter was the best.   Food was good.   Not great, but not bad.
Good service. Good tacos. Danny and Fox were prompt and attentive. Will be coming back!!!
I'm so glad we chose to eat here at the pub crawl. The service was great as well as the food!!
I've been happy with their service.  I like the covered parking and the wider spaces.
This is the best Thai food around. I had the best meal I've ever had here. Hands down.
Amazing tea, service and egg salad sandwich! mmmm
Food was amazing!!! We had the trash can nachos and General Tao's wings... sooooo good!!!!
HUGE Beatles fan, HUGE Cirque fan. Enough said, Loved the show. Definitely recommend.
Olivia is the best always does a fantastic job, highly recommended!
A great gem in Old Town!! The food is delicious and authentic. Definitely try the naan bread!!
Great place to see a band.  Kinda falling apart though.  Go to Jillys afterwards.
Good food, sweet staff, nothing fancy, but it here's the spot when you have the craving.
Super amazing food. Made fresh. A different and new experience with great food and environment.
Work on biscuits and gravy and eggs over easy how hard can it be?
Definitely worth the trip, funded by Clark County not the low admission prices, $1 for 55 plus ages.
This place is the worst establishment in the state of Pennsylvania, maybe even the east coast.
Best Chinese food that I could find in Las Vegas, and inside an (affordable) casino to boot!
First honest auto mechanic I've been to. Very fair and good customer service.
They have a wide selection of used RV'S  it's not a bad plac we to look if you're looking for used.
Hella good. Definitely worth the wait. Make sure you come here while you're in Vegas!!
Great service today and food was nice and hot!  Mango Habenero was soooo hot I couldn't finish!
I love this place!!! I really like their desserts  The staff is very kind and friendly.
I have always had good food and great service at this Chili's.   I like it a lot!
Jacob was excellent at getting us into a locked trailer best. Can't thank him enough.
Really liked the food and the atmosphere. Their happy hour menu makes it even better.
Hometown golf range, friendly people, great place!
Fantastic!  Great service, friendly staff and exceptional prices.  Locally owned and operated.
Just a tip, the place looks very gloomy and the pho is less flavorful compared to other pho places.
Had the steak burrito. Pretty big portion of food for a good price. Very filling and delicious.
Premium food mixed with daily drink specials. Definitely a place to check out.
Just a fyi it is being remodeled and is closed should be back open at end of September
This company is reliable and offers excellent service.  Highly recommend them!
I love this place. Great breakfast! The service is always fast. This place is a great little diner.
The best authentic Indian food! It's worth the drive.  Will be back again!
5 stars all around
Pizza is always great! Staff was friendly and helpful in helping me choose which pizza to order.
Racquel was super amazing!! She is so sweet and did a great job on my Brazilian wax!!
The BEST tasting full flavored Kobe Beef anywhere in Las Vegas!
Service was great! Had a calzone, it was good. Not the style of dough I'm used to, meats were good.
Consistently wonderful. VEGGIE BURGERS, bowls and salads are top notch.
glorious!! coffee, cookies, what more do i need? sweet staff. everyone is so helpful.
Worst hotel I've ever been in. Internet is terrible. Don't stay here, service is lousy.
Sandwich was skimpy and they overcharged my on my combo deal, i'll be back but only for my refund.
Online ordering + spinach pasta salad with fresh mozzerella = 5 stars
The best Indian food. Service is fantastic, and the portion and quality of the food is amazing.
Food is average . Staff is alright. I'd give it a 5 star if they'd knock the price down a bit.
Food was good but our waiter took to long to take our order. Other than that everything was amazing
Tuesdays are now favor day because of the best street tacos ever. Great place for all
Great food.  Cozy feel to the place.  Great for a family to eat and share good times.
We love Colleen and Britt!  They do a great job and my daughter gets the most amazing nail art.
Ashlee is very professional and conscientious. Highly recommend for pain relief.  Ron D
Parking free, drinks are doubles, free w/guestlist.  Spanish dancing all night in a classy location!
Capelli is wonderful, Nasana and her team are the best!!!
The pastries were good (soft, fluffy, and flavorful) and the regular coffee was pretty good too.
There is NO car wash at this location! Thanks for wasting my lunch break
Do not go there! The food/fish were not fresh. All of us had really bad diarrhea after the meal.
Great food at great prices!  Happy hour beer specials were just a bonus!
Cute sushi place. Service was great and their sushi is pretty good. Will come back again!
Well..  They did say they were sending a few gift cards out for my mother but we never received any.
Stay  away. Understaffed , undertrained and billing office soooo confused.
Very friendly staff and alot of neat cars with awesome paint jobs best part was totally free!!
Love the Reese peanut butter cup 30 below.
Great sandwich. Not cheap but it's not a skimpy sandwich. Good portion fresh meat big sandwich.
Awesome good. Great service. Food is authentic real Hunan. Great atmosphere for gatherings.
Was there last Sunday night for dinner with friends and we enjoyed the food as always
we where very pleased with food.didn't think is was going to be good.we where wrong.a must try
My son loves this preschool. We are so fortunate to be a member of the global minds family.
I love this place. So sad one in Chandler closed. I love the jerk fried rice and carnitas.
Food is fresh and the value is very good for Vegas. I grab a sandwich here everytime I'm in Vegas.
Funny. Much better than expected. The price is amazing. Probably will go back again.
Ok coffee. But very nice looking place. Not bad for a good relax combo with a friend or colleague
Great churros and smoothies but the food really plain!!!! Great quality ingredients but no flavor.
Good chicken wrap and corn chowder soup! Always hits the spot. Also the table is pretty dope also
The food is far below subpar (like a budget Spring Sushi), but staff are pretty friendly.
Live band playing while you grab a drink , that sounds like a really good deal
They have a great lunch combo that is really reasonable to check out.
Urhhh, I am not coming aback again. The food is just urhhhhhhhh
Yeah, they aren't that good anymore. Also, no creme brulee....BOO!
Mediocre bland tasting noodles and did not enjoy the service.
Amazing place !! Get so pack  at time  that's the downside  but worth the wait  staff are quick
Good guys/reliable/reasonable charges!  - will continue to call them!
Love this place. Great food, excellent service. Tables are a bit small though. Strongly recommended.
I'm so happy with the way my eyebrows turned out. Neelo is great with cleaning and shaping them!
This is a fun colorful restaurant. If u like breakfast food, they have a lot of choices.
Excellent salon! Clean, kind, efficient! My nails never lift, pedicures are relaxing and amazing!
We are regulars to this place. Great food, excellent coffee and superb customer service.
Good naan and Punjabi veggies. The restaurant was nice and staff was friendly.
The food is always good, and you get plenty of it. Plus, the dessert case will make you drool.
The best Falafel I have tested in Pittsburgh so far.
As good as it gets!  Great breakfasts and crazy good desserts at a fair price with good service.
Very generic bland food and no where near authentic italian taste, very disappointing
The food was pretty good, but the drinks way over priced. So, if you go, skip the cocktail.
Very fine haircut adults or kids and good price too
Marie-fleur, le chef, est excellente ! Menu qui varie, plat succulents, ambiance excellente.
This one's easy--best brisket sandwich outside of New York.
Their tacos beat Bigo Taco's on Mesa Dr/Broadway by a long shot. The beans were amazing!
Chicken and waffles were great!  Fun atmosphere!
Love this place! Great deals and menu, cheese curds are incredible!! Love coming for football games!
Great pizza and wings and super friendly service. Best pizza value in the West Valley!!!!
Great place to get that hard to find spice type of stuff.
This is the best pie you can get in Tempe. Wings are good. I like the honey hot wings.
The best or one of the best Pizzerias Around Las Vegas, enough said.
Ninja Bowl was GRRRRRREAT!  Very Large potions, 5.99 and I could only eat half Lots of meat
Over rated.Drinks and Food are over price.
The meal was awesome.  Shrimp san remo was outstanding and so was the char grilled halibut
Fantastic little mom 'n pop breakfast house. Great breakfast, fun little place, excellent service.
Nice, hidden place in downtown. Kinda small though for The Great Urban Race.
Best in town. Great choices of alcohol and food. Classic place perfect for a date night.
Not a very good place for dimsum. A bit overprice. One dish of Chinese broccoli is $10.
Excelent food and service  grest eggs and hash brown. Good for a classic american breakfast.
Would not go back here again. Extremely overpriced for the portion sizes, selection, and taste.
Both the apple butter burger and poutine burger are fantastic.  Note that it is cash only.
Love this little local wine bar! Perfect for a laid back night with friends! Great customer service!
I love this bar... a no nonsense kinda joint.. and the back patio is great for hanging with a group
Best outdoor fountains in Vegas by far! The only ones too, at least as far as I know.
Wouldn't recommend. the food here is bland and soggy! you might as well go to panda express lol
A-MAZA-INGGGG.  We had a work dinner so we had tons of small plates and every single this was great.
this place does not take walk-ins so if you don't have an appointment do not waste your time here
Ordered the shrimp taco $4  for one piece  of funny tasting shrimp :-( margs. Are meh
The dry aged ribeye is amazing and the Chipotle cheddar mac and cheese!
Great place to get a top quality breakfast.. Pear omelet is awesome! Great coffee too.
This was so good and cant wait to come back best orange chicken ever with chow main noodles
so fun to ride bike on the best trail ever for girlies.
Sun City decor, but good food & service.
Love this place. Great pizza and the staff is awesome. We come here as often as we can.
Delicious food...their egg rolls, chicken chop suey and chicken friend rice are amazing!! Yum yum!
Worst buffet ever. Noodles were hard. Prime rib over cooked. Everything was bland and gross
Looked like they forgot to put salt in my fish and shrimps because they were very tasteless.
Awesome service, cleaner than most pho places, and food is great. Highly recommend it!
I was sad to see this place close. The scotch bonnet sauce was delish.
Excellent steamed veggie buns. Best in the city.
great brunch. everything made to order. 16 different and super tasty items. come hungry!
Decent,good.  Convenient if you are staying here and don't want to tank up at a buffet
Great sausage and pepper sandwich, reasonably priced.
Come here regularly. Chip truck quality fries throughout the day and great made-to-order hamburgers.
Great family place and awesome food always. Nice beer selection. Friendly staff always on the ball.
Delicious tamarind duck! The meat was well done, great crispiness. The tamarind sauce was delicious
so delicious the pork is very juicy and the ufo is great  the best korean restaurant in downtown lol
Poor service, poor food quality, errors in the order, we won't be back.
Came to my home and buffed up my old Porsche. Looks good. Plan to have him return for my other car.
This place is amazing for people who enjoy thrifting.  The prices are low and the staff is sweet.
Nice ambience and had one of the best servers! Eddie you rock! The food selections are great.
Great food and great selection- must come!
Be sure to come on Tuesday through Friday or it can be kinda pricey.
Ditto Jen Z  But one problem , the new location has serious Wifi problems
Locals love it. We felt lucky to even find it as tourists. It's a secret top tip with great value.
Get the large Greek salad with gyro.... delish
Good Food and service.  Defiantly a higher level of sports bar food.
Radicchio on the fly! Had just what I needed and always very friendly and helpful.
First time here we tried the pastrami on challah bread it was amazing!! Definitely will be back.
Daily beer specials. Friendly staff. Cheap pool ($2). Patio. Eats.
Suprising as yummy as Santa Monica .I'll be back ! Open one in Scottsdale will u ?
The nargherit pizza too dry famoso pasta small portion for the price. Cashier pleasant...
Nice and friendly place.  Good place for pre-ballgame activities.
Great food, service, and delicious Huaraches! Real Mexican food! Love it! I never had this kind...
Great place to bowl and have fun with friends and family.  Food is good.  Love the nachos.
This is the worst Malaysian food I ever ate in my life. Very disappointed.
Strong and cheap drinks, amazing talent/staff! Always a nice place to hang out Sunday nights!
I bought a air mattress queen-sized there and it leaked. They returned it no problem.
Sympatique petit march  sur Fleury.
Never had a bad meal here.  The selection is great and the drink menu is much, much, much improved!
Awesome restaurant, good service, fresh quality food with a broad menu to choose from.
Really nice people who run the place. Good environment, lighting, etc.
Great chicken wings baby!!
Great food. Theme doesn't really go.
Good service but the food was only okay.  We tried a variety of things and none were awesome.
Super legit Breakfast. And awesome waiter Nick (aka, The Sheriff, Enforcer). We will be back!
sushi was good. chinese very average. delivery guy was needy.
Love this place. Price is great, quality is top notch for the price! Only wish they served edamame.
The restaurant manager is fabulous. Food is always delicious, never been disappointed.
All good... if you want better just talk up the Cardinals. I'm happy to have found this place!
Great salads and pitas, laid back vibe, free wi-fi, and friendly staff.
like that there's an obstacle course and lots of trampolines! good times!
Great authentic Mexican food!!! Service was excellent. Definitely would come here again.
Fun, lively atmosphere, great beer list, good service. Well priced. Would go back for sure!
I ordered a java chip frappucino and it was totally watered down and not icy.  A total rip off.
i liked it and got a kick out of the name so wanted to try it. Pretty awesome:)))))))))))
Went above and beyond what I asked for. Great experience at this location. Highly recommended
Cheesesteaks and hospitality on point. I'll be back!  Can't wait to try their pastrami!
Gym is very nice.  Hot tub is amazing.   Customer service at the front: TERRIBLE !  They are rude!
Love the relaxing environment here :)
Super friendly and very knowledgable staff. A nice selection of frames!  Would recommend to anyone.
Great location and atmosphere. Everything else I would rate as vanilla. Nothing great, nothing bad.
Amazing pastries and hot chocolate. Well worth the price.
Great for fast, good tasting Mexican food. Bean and cheese burrito or super nachos are great.
I will highly recommend Chris as inspector. Very detail observation and great personalty.
Ryan is awesome, very attentive amongst the Zappos madness!! The bone marrow burger was good too!
Treat you like it is studio  54. If you are not someone, don't expect to get on the roof on sat.
My favourite grilled chicken is from here. They have the best hot sauce and pork rinds!
Amazing staff, great service and fair pricing!!!! Will definitely come back!!!!
Totally turned around experience I just can't even believe it but I plan to back and fix this eew
Great food, good service. Onion rings are especially good. Try the classic burger!
Bad service !!!!  Second time here, not coming back.!!!!
Buyers beware. Dishonest employees.
The pastrami is awesome Service was great.The matzo ball soup was wonderful What else can I say?
Came for breakfast. Wasn't satisfying at all. Only the bacon was tolerable. No desire to return.
We followed the address on yelp and it took us to a neighborhood. Did not find the food truck at all
Great atmosphere and scotch, food wasn't great and pricey though.
The menu has a lot to offer, and the food is very good. I highly recommend the ice cream mocha!
It's pretty cool and free.  Definitely a must do if you're in Vegas.
Diane is the best! Pays special attention to the problem areas and is very attentive.
Quick service, great prices, and spot on pho!  The food is southern vietnam style.  It is authentic.
Great food and very knowledgeable server that took great care of us. Pastrami was on point!
deli service is always lazy! dirty! management needs to step in and make some changes!!!
Best patties I've ever had! Spicy beef or chicken is my favorite! You can't just eat one.
mediocre manicure - I would not go back.  Expensive for the service they provide.
Great local sushi joint! Always fast service and prices are reasonable. Food is great! I'll be back!
Pretty good boba and place to just catch up or read a book or study. Kinda pricey but it's good
Very good service and nice stuff but the food was oily. I have eaten better Caribbean
The chicken is good. But the expectation was so high, the reality doesn't keep up. So nah.
Nice music and goodd beer. Unfortunately they only take cash. But there's a atm inside
Love my nails great job Vien Nails! Andy thank you so much definitely a job well done!
Absolutely the best pho in Vegas! Great service, great location, nice decor comfortable atmosphere.
Slow cooked prime rib is amazing - happy hour is awesome! this is a must try!
Casual, higher end food. Great place to relax near Cleveland. Mouse made the evening go well
We love green Valley Orthodontics. So friendly!
hole in the wall next to gas station w some bomb ass carne asada. 1.50 tacos cant beat em !
The sushi was awesome. The Sasa handroll was great. The service on the other hand was not.
Great flavors! Will return. Had the lamb meatball sandwich- absolutely delicious!
By far the best Americano I have ever had. The dried tomato brioche was also fantastic.
Heather is our server and she's best! gotta love 'em banana muffins! food was xcellent!
We always use Sky Harbor Parking!  Always fast and courteous.
Had a great experience today. Paul did my powder manicure and it turned out really nice.
Very nice staff and great sellection
Price is a bit high but food is very fresh. Make reservation for patio seats.
This place had a fantastic breakfast burrito.  Lots of different flavors and great portions.
Calvin was very helpful getting me some new kicks. Made great suggestions. Will be back soon.
The fish isn't really fresh. The sushi doesn't look good either and it's always really warm.
Clean, updated facility. Staff VERY accommodating!  Beautiful pool area. Would stay here again
Yummy breakfast before going to our cabana. crunch french toast is a must!
It's great food!  And surprisingly fancy for such a reasonable price.  Best Tom Ka Gai in town!
This is an amazing concert venue. It is wholly interactive. The stage show was fantastic.
This is a normal apple store.  Not the biggest one like on Sainte-Catherine in downtown MTL.
Good food for good prices. Staff attentive and friendly, definitely deserves an extra tip.
Great place for a quick pizza. Double stamp on Thrusdays!
Yes I am definitely a fan...a place to experience a little of mexico.
the best mushroom pizza ever!!!  a bit load inside and crowded tables but outside was nice.
Delicious! Great breakfast; the sausage gravy biscuits are phenomenal and totally homemade!
great service, food was pretty great - my kids absolutely loved the churros as well. Will be back!
Michael is a great artist. I've been going to him for years. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
Great service with excellent NY style pizza!  Makes me miss home...  Vinny is great!!!!
Excellent breakfast.  Friendly staff.  Quick service.  The TMC croissant was amazing!
This place has the best wings.  Get them grilled and be blissful.  So many great memories here!!
I just brought my fiancee to get her hair done and we both enjoyed the out come of her hair dew.
Delicious vegetarian options, relaxed, quiet ambiance and courteous service!
disgustingly rude staff who yells and instigates aggressive confrontation with customers
Amazing authentic thai, off the beaten track!  Small cozy restaurant, strongly recommend.
Really depends on the day, some days the cookies are amazing, other days they are terrible
Love to be able to create your own pizza. Light sauce and cheese. Fast only 20 min.
First time here and wow, my Baja burger is crazy good! Fries are perfect. Good job you guys!!
Good place for a date on weekdays. Didnt stick around long enough so 3 stars for now
Good taste Chinese food . Steamed dumplings are great. Don't forget to try bubble tea!
Greek fries are great, try the Spartan club too...the chicken and gyro pitas are also good
This is my favorite place to eat. Staff is so nice. Food is great. So many yummy options..
My favorite spot to come to in the Epicenter. Love the diversity. Great space and great party.
That's good coffee.  Had some blueberry pancakes and eggs. Best pancakes ever!
it is in n out, nuff said. bomb burgers and great value
It's never let us down! Always the best and one airways got the chicken tandoori kebabs
Love the drinks!!!! On point not to sweet, cant complain.
Decent food and good service for the happy hour on the patio. Lamb meatballs were the best
The best margarita!!!  if you tell them if you are sing in the margaritas cost 9.00 + tax
Lamb vindaloo was very tender, good for southern style Indian but missed the mark on the heat.
Can't beat the happy hour specials. I've tried most of them and they are all fabulous.
Aaron is best cashier this side of town fast and friendly
This place is great. Probably the only time I drink soda is with coconut cream in it.
Best pizza I've had in Scottsdale. Wonderful staff. what can I say- this place is great!!
Jet's seriously has the best pan pizza in Cleveland. The All Meaty Specialty is all delicious!
Love these Pure Aromatherapy essential oils and blends! I always travel with them.
Great find and fun for a family. Wait staff is attentive and nice. Good BBQ.
always a positive experience, great customer service. address my conccerns.
Very slow service. Food is just OK. They also charge 18% gratuity for parties of 5 or more.
Great shop had my 2005 GTO fixed, the pics are on his rollinart website
Great shave hot towels and menthol shaving cream even cleaned up the back of my my neck
Amazing food and service. Check out the prime rib on Sunday
Food isn't terrible but way overpriced. There are also much better gyro places in town.
Jill is amazing! This group does great work and does an excellent job communicating with the client.
I've always liked the buffet on the weekends and holidays.  Butter chicken on scrambled eggs
Taste is okay.. Not real Indian flavor and the quantity served is less... Not worth it...
You must try the Cashew Nut Chicken and the Panang Curry with Beef. The food is as good as Lotus!!
Slow unfriendly service.  My potato soup tasted like a starchy creamy garlic and looked like glue.
Took my 11yr. old son here and they did a very nice job, friendly and courteous, No complaints here.
I went here last week I really like the food there , very good oisters  I'm definitely coming back
I had my wedding dress altered here and it was perfect! Anne definitely knows her stuff!
A very cool coffee place. Limited space for working on your laptop, but you get great espresso :)
It's good.  Really good.  Reminds me of Ippudo in Hell's Kitchen (NYC).
Too noisy. Couldn't really enjoy the dark atmosphere. The food was ok, nothing to brag about
Man of few words, but fair prices and sense of trust in what they tell you.
Damn good chile relleno tacos. Best I've had. All the food is good and pretty cheap for the quality.
2 year patient, wouldn't go anywhere else! Expect super friendly, timely, honest staff & service.
Cute little spot. Food was good, great beer selection on tap.
The best place to eat in Kent. Always open. definitely order gyro $3.99 or two for $6
Dr Bill really helped relax my back for my trip to london. Effie helped me get set up quick and fast
Excellent service and food! Sami F. Helped us navigate the menu and make good choices. Thanks Sami!!
Love the little girl chairs! Very clean and the ladies are always pleasant. My nails look great.
Food was amazing, high end(prices are not), delicious, interesting, fresh. Can't skip this place
that is about it, just a-ok
Bring quarters and spend hours playing your'e old favorite games.
Reserved a vehicle at this location and they ran out! Prepaid and all. Horrible service
By far best reflexology place in Scottsdale! Clean, friendly staff, and inexpensive....try it!
Snooty and expensive. Tiny portions of "precious" food. Get real, please.
Best coffee I found in Pittsburgh by far. Nice people, good vibes. Would definitely return.
Keep walking. Quality is horrible, looks and tastes like it was pre-cooked and microwaved.
Never had any problems. Tammy has been giving me a good and wonderful service for 7 years.
Amazing work, reasonable prices, super fast. And the punch card lets you get your 5th time free!
No es el mejor pero esta bien,la comida buena,el servicio no tanto!!!Los dulces son bien ricos...
Sit in Spencer's section good food graet atmosphere
Yummy frozen yogurt in Squirrel Hill... Very fun environment!
So many great artisans to shop from, I don't feel like I'm surrounded by Made In China junk.
Great ambiance. Clean kitchen and simple menu. Sumptous taste.
I tried the strawberry cupcake it was yummy made with real strawberries and the oreo cupcake.
Duplicate location
Stopped by for dinner and the are closed, with a new name. Sushi and Sinaloa Food :-(
What happened to this joint?   Sub-par pizza.. Very pricey... And thin as paper.  No way anymore!!!
great food first time I try Shawarma but it was good
Had a chill cheese dog with onions and fries.. the best in town.. recommend this spot
Lobster eggs Benedict, enough said.
Best place to buy bed in Gilbert. Josh helped us find best bed for us at a great price.
no bedside manners and extremely dissatisfied for life with the services rendered.
I loved every single juicy bite!! Blows five guys away and in and out too ill be back
Love this store great place to take the family and we couldn't be happier with our new kitten
Too pricy but the food is authentic . I like their bbqs. Noodle can be super spicy! Watch out!
I had a decent gyro and fries.  The baklava was dry and lacking in any specialty.
Placed an online order 2 hours in advance for a 5:45 pm pick up its now 5:57 and no pizza insight!
Loved it. New favorite Indian place. Birini was fantastic. Came for lunch on a Saturday.
Chimichanga was great. Large portions, good service and great unlimited chips and salsa.
Great supplement store. Amazingly helpful employees and owner. Not to mention great prices.
Great food with a Caribbean twist.  Love the Jerk Pork quesadillas and the plantain nachos.
Great pastries and coffee, and free wifi  what's not to like?
Love their Chicken Shawarma . Only reason I give them 4 is I wished they had more items on the menu
Delicious veal sandwich. Possibly the best one I've ever had. Mmmmm.
dangerous neighborhood, poor selection and bad return policy on the outdated cases they sell, yikes!
eaten here for 10 years, best sushi ever, fair prices and very nice people
Love the rare cheese tart! A little bit hard to find this place, it's kind tiny store.
why?  hedonistic and tacky  seriously, americans do we really need that much food???
Loved this place. The duck tacos were fantastic. Also I would highly recommend the messy sundae.
Good prices and great food. Brisket is super moist and flavor full. Fried okra is a must try.
Sundevil auto is the best! Fixed my car the same day,  friendly and affordable! Thanks!
very average pastry shop  with chicken  ff only
I don't understand the mediocre reviews.  The pizza is delicious and the service is good.
Had one of their $5.95 lunches.  It was great and plan to bring my family for dinner.  Give it try!
Killer food and service. Clean establishment. Service was friendly and with a smile :)
Great prices, compared it with Sears, Costco, and Sam's.  Discount Tire won!
I dropped by this bakery after doing some research. Their macarons and filled buns are delicious.
Patio, huge menu, and awesome drinks... Cheesecake Factory is always a good choice.
This place closes at 10. What kinda fuckery is that? Good service and amazing ambience though.
Worth every penny! Had the bloody mary which was awesome. Get the brussel sprout dish!
Great food. I have been here many times and never disappointed. Check out their Sunday brunch.
Great Food and Great service!!! However overpriced drinks (tea and coffee).
Amazing server Tisa was just an amazing person, great service, the food was amazing i love it.
Who closes a business for construction during summer festivals and parades?? This place
First timer, LOVE IT! fat happy camper, will be back!
The ice cream tastes really good but the customer service was not all there.
Good price of cigarettes and friendly service.
Convenient, courteous, and competitive pricing.
Best popeyes friendly staff service is always really quick and owner is always around to chat with
Didn't enjoy the crab sandwich much compared to their awesome Lobster roll. A must have dish!!!
Great place. Burrito was amazing, chips were amazing (and free). Can't wait to go back.
One of the best vegan restaurant I've been too. I wish we had this place in Manhattan !
Strawberry cheesecake was delightful! Gelato was very good as well. Cute little decor.
You know what's awesome?   Chili cheese fries for breakfast to nurse a Vegas sized hangover.
BEST wings in town! Good service and friendly atmosphere.
Sushi was good, service was bad.  For the location and price I'll go elsewhere for my sushi.
Amazing exotic food. Loved it! And the staff was great in explaining everything. Highly recommend.
Great place lots of space lots to do, food is nice and service ain't bad either. New so pretty busy
Such fresh and amazing food. Good prices as well. Best I've had in Toronto so far.
3 Tofu packs for 5.04 $ Brand Name - International  Tofu.  Watermelon .39 cents per lb.
The service is going down hill. I will drive to another location before I return to this one.
I heard the food is good. I will visit very soon
Always a fair good meal. One of the citys best meals. True value for you money.
Great gas station, always busy but nice employees! I go daily or multiple times daily and I love it.
I will miss this place. I've always had a wonderful meal every time I have been there.
Solid cocktails, great laid back vibe with comfy couches. Music isn't too loud. Great hangout spot.
Fixed my phone screen. Quick service, friendly employees and my phone looks brand new. Thanks!
Great food, great service. They've stepped up their game and they deserve their ranking to go up!!
Very very good food. Lots of variety and great options for kids too. Definitely coming back.
Speechless... So lacking in customer service and my vehicle still has not been fixed :-(
Another great dinner at Tavolino tonight! Such a friendly atmosphere. Unpretentious and delicious!
Watch your tap Second time now they have padded my tab. Complain to management they don't care
Some of those donuts look a little rough. I don't care how good they are? I will try them sometime.
Food was FRESH and delicious. Try the Slut with a side of bacon....it was so delicious!!!!
Best pancakes in Pittsburgh besides DeLucas. Always delicious and the service is nice.
Left a message on Garden Guy's website after Sunday AM show----4 days later---no response. LOSER!
Perfect Hunan food! The most traditional one I ever met in US!!! Really hot and spicy!!!
Good rooms and helpful staff. Nice pool and gym
Great massage, peaceful and quiet! Would recommended and would come back. Check it out
Just came in for a quick drink but cider and service was great, nice atmosphere. Would recommend.
Super good ffod, friendly, order is always read wehen we get there, no issues. Very happy!
Can't say how disappointing this credit union is. Would highly advise not working with them.
The Taylor's are always polite, professional, nice, and helpful. Would highly recommend!
Broken TVs.  Loud music. Not enough classes. Unfriendly environment. Not for females.
great staff great food!  clean, affordable, atmosphere, parking...just amazing.
horrible experience we have been waiting for over 8 hours for our suit. Never coming here again!!!!!
I love this Place!  Great Thai food, good portions and Aranya always hooks me up:)
above average pizza, above average prices.... wouldnt get the bbq chicken again
Have visited the place a couple of times, wasn't impressed even once. Food is very bland.
A true gem!  Food and service are top notch.  Do yourself a favor and check out Served!
Super cheap drinks and refills here.  Enjoy waffling the strip with a fresh drink.  Yum!
Home made! country style on the Tip of Hochelaga district.
Fantastic little neighbourhood resto. Great food and service, very nice ambiance. Will be back.
the food here just soso, dont add fried ricecake it costs $4 and the mount is very little
Amazingly friendly and pleasant staff. Gorgeous property and room. Wow!
Generous portions delicious and refreshing!
good all day breakfast for $5.95. coffee is not bad either :)
And in case anyone wonders. The drink was in her hand. Someone "accidentally " bumped into her.
Pretty cool dive bar! Chill environment, great people, ok food, amazing drinks! I love coming here.
Cinnemon Sticks & pretzels are yummy.  I like.
Nice that there is one nearer to home!.... Thanks guys, the best in Vape in town.....
I really like the tofu dessert here. Cheap price $2.75. Bring me back alot of memory.
This is the closest your going to get to an authentic NY Bagel shop.  I really enjoy their food.
The food was awesome. The service was an A+. Quick with utensils cloth tables. Will go there again
Good food and nice staff. Ate there a few times and really liked the fried rice there.
Great burgers and ruben egg rolls.  Service and drinks are also good.  Thanks for being in Medina.
NIce poutine. Had the Steak and Black pepper. Awesome! Great service and great food!
This place is expensive for the quality of food they serve. Subpar sushi and teppanyaki.
Great service,  great food. You can taste the quality. Also,  pesto with fries is a great combo
Great place. Small and has great drink prices. Can't forget to mention BEER TO GO!   KCCO
The highlights were  the trash compactor and creme soda....otherwise a complete waste of time!
All you can eat salad.  But I like my own dressing....there ranch. Just isn't right.
Great Thai Food! Great Staff! Nice atmosphere. Indoor and outdoor seating. Cash Only! BYOB. Love it
Great happy hour.....bufflo chicken tighs great tasting. Stop by before flying back to Dallas
Come all the way from Aurora to get these patties!! Cash only so don't come with your debt card!!
Best burger ever and I hate to say this but even better then in and out in Cali ... So good
Best teriyaki chicken bowls I've ever had. Perfect price for the right amount of food.
Love it!! Great pizza, awesome patio. Have to say I like this place more than Pizzeria Bianco.
Absolutely love this place I am a huge fan of the gravy fries with crack sauce you guys have no idea
I have had a great experience so far with Dr Talley and staff.
I signed up, they came out were very professional and very nice. I highly recommend LV Pest Control.
I love Archi's. It's my favorite place to go for Thai. The Spicy Basil with chicken is delicious!
Good food. Great service.  Ask for Waitress Aimee ~ she was friendly and professional.
Absolutely terrific food and service. Pet friendly patio - super cute atmosphere. Must try!!!
The best Chinese Szechuan fusion in town. Price is affordable too. You will never be disappointed.
Authentic great tasting South Indian food. Lots of variety and friendly smiling staff.
I love their samosa chaat, every time I'm in Vegas I just go here for samosa chaat. It's amazing!
L4 is our favourite sushi bento box for lunch time!
Tots  truffle honey mustard - yum!
Tip: Order your drinks at the bar or the waitress will rip you off.
My go to taco place downtown. I'm obsessed. Literally loved single food choice I have made.
Leo is the best guy for stucco repair. I highly recommend him. Dont look any further.
There Crispy Beef is worst!!!!!! But will go back for other dishes.  3 start because of crispy beef.
This place has good food and a great happy hour until 7pm everyday!
This place is very authentic. I sat at the bar and watched the cook - it was great. Recommended.
The coffee doesn't taste well. we order a single waffle and it costs 6 dollars! so disappoint!
I tried the Po'Boy hot dog. The hot dog itself was good. But the prices were a bit over priced.
Very creative and delicious ice cream flavors.  Some of the best I've had locally.
Bagels bons mais pas assez sal s   mon go t.Les bagels sont faits devant vous et  a sent tr s bon!
Well it must have been really good because I fell asleep and woke up refreshed
Always a great place for brunch or lunch! Food is good, the service is always on point.
Food taste but, but service sucks, restaurant smells rotten, waiters don't know the menus
Linda (nail tech) did an awesome job, plus she was very nice and it seems she enjoys her job!
This place is amazing! Eyal is an artist when it comes to hair. He does beautiful color and cuts.
Besides the ludicrous decor, I enjoyed eating here. Even with the Eye of Sauron watching me.
Always. This is a Las Vegas staple. 190 Octane + 2 shots of everclear. Trust me.
Incredible, huge, delicious menu. And yummy bottled soda. My kiddos and I were blown away.
I love this bar.  My friend practically lives here.  I'm surprised they don't make him pay rent.
Could finish the biscuits and gravy, enough for three. Great service. Biggest pancakes I ever saw!
Spent quite a bit for a haircut and still came out with split ends.  Not worth the money.
50c-2$ games. This place is heaven if you're a pinball fan!
This is my new favorite place. I got the coconut snow cone with condensed milk, heavenly.
Delicious steak great wine onions straws were very tasty. Expect small portion sizes.
Omar is the best!! I come every year and always fast and friendly, wouldn't go anywhere else!!
Lines are crazy but what a problem to have for a new local business!! So tasty and worth it!
Green chili pork, chicken fried steak.  Nothing else needs yo be said!
Amazing place to stay... Great suites!!! Very modern!!!
I would definitely be coming back when ever I'm in Charlotte. Nice cafe shop to sit and chill at.
Unbelievable service & fantastic food!!!  One of my favorite sushi places I have ever eaten
Treated my parents to a meal here, and the service and food were excellent.
Fresh fish, very good service.
Meh... another Fox restaurant.  The wait staff was remarkable...perfect service.
Food is not fresh. Teryaki doesn't taste good at all there are far better restaurants in the area
Excellent place for a quick lunch. Good service and food. Specially recommend the tuna salad.
best Indian food I have had to date in Scottsdale, solid place.
Wouldn't go to any other. Service tremendous. No hassle for Gold membership. Recommend to all.
Great place ! Fixed my bike in under 5 minutes! They definitely know what they're doing
I want to like this place.  I've been here 3 times and it's is ridiculously slow.   Zero service.
Try your bagel steamed. Love the atmosphere.
My goto place for Thai food for pick up. Only drawback is the limited option for vegetarians.
These are so darn tasty and the corndog fella was so nice!! Recommend getting the honey drizzle!!
Prime Steak here is my favorite. It's unique. It's fantastic. It's gonna be Huuuuuge.
Always so friendly and I just love my Vanilla ice cream with a spoonful of smooth peanut butter !!
Really tasty sandwich and a good amount of fries. I had a great time and got food quickly.
This place has a verity of Indian/ Middle Eastern groceries. Prices are fair. Highly recommend
Very good french fries and my sub was pretty delicious.
Great small pub, eatery.. HORRIBLE stools though, they swing and aren't comfortable. Nice staff.
Very helpful and had everything I need for my Hold'em Tournaments!
This place is great! Food is amazing. They have a really reasonable lunch buffet as well.
This is not good the only thing that is good is the shakes and the brownies and the cookies
Hmmm. Puma and Vans!.....  What can I say Imma shoe freak!
chicken wings were pretty good, so was the pho. however, the pho probably had too much msg
great thai food and excellent customer service I highly recommend said bai on the fly to everyone
Nothing says "I'm serious about drinking" like needing a cart at the liquor store! Lee's is awesome!
Great burgers and toppings! The shakes are tasty and the chili fries are to die for! Try it out!
Delicious croquettes and pastries!!  Best portuguese bakery in Durham!
Bartenders are cool. Good music live and on the sound system.  Drinks are good, times are great!!
Staff is always super friendly--Erin is the best!! Great food, great service!
On time very good workmanship and price was great outstanding customer service. Good job
Hopefully this place WON'T  get closed down because it is  too damn good!!!! Fast service as well..
Always purchases from the dollar menu.  Fast service and hot food, can't beat that.
The Best New York Style deli in Las Vegas!!!
Loved their Papa Huancaina, one of the best I've had. Definitely going back to try more dishes.
Pollo Asado Taco with BACON added is Taco Nirvana!
Good Food, Clean place my kids love it
The best Gluten free pizza I have ever had. Thank you
Lots of soul in his food. Best hot dog in charlotte.
Excellent burritos, albeit in a somewhat dingy environment. Great value, extremely delicious.
great place, great teachers. really flexible schedule.
Amazing food, creative combinations and plenty of options. Get the fried mushrooms for an appetizer.
There were 40 people in line and no tables to be had so we walked in then out. Maybe next time.
Eating three orders of foie gras here! It's delicious and cooked to perfection! Highly recommended!
Average for Pad Thai and Fried Rice.
very nice, nice set up in hotel, great people, family oriented.
Kind of far, kind of small, kind of stuffy.  Good music, good drinks, good crowd.
Amazing time.. 19 girls for a bachelorette not a glitch organized!! All staff is great!!
The staff is excellent. The amenities are great. I have really enjoyed my time at this gym!
Rude staff. Not clear about rules and regulations. Too expensive and not worth it
Disappointed..polish already peeling and it's only been a couple of days :(
STUNNING.... Perfect music selection  THE BEST free attraction on Las Vegas Blvd
Awesome patio, yummy drinks, fantastic food, great experience. Everything we ordered was delicious.
This place makes doing laundry not so bad. Clean, friendly employees and decent prices.
This is an authentic Irish pub! I had the Bellybutton, wonderful! can't wait to go back!
This is my favourite Whole Foods location. It is very spacious, and there is lots of free parking.
Nice atmosphere, good bbq and a cozy outdoor firepit area to relax after dinner. I'm a fan!
Service was terrible, was ignored 3 times by the waitress, food was ok, price was descent.
I loved it. Our waiter was awesome. Wasnt embarrassed about the things he did to me lol.
Delicious tortas. Wonderful food and great customer service. So happy that we found this place.
Three big issues: Cork in wine glass Wrong pasta order came out  Hair in salad   Service...not great
Does what it says on the label. Nothing particularly unique, but a solid office store.
High speed internet is too slow to stream movies. Netflix and HBO Now way too choppy to watch.
I love Starbucks! This place very clean, friendly staff, quick service, and great drinks!!!
Decent sushi but I've had better. I probably wouldn't come back. It was pricy for what it was.
Un peu comme chez moi ... oups !! Vraiment un bel  tablissement ;-)
The crab cakes are the best I have ever had! This is a great place I highly suggest breakfast!
Decent buffet, def didn't live up to the hype.
First time in, great bagel! They get one star because employees rude and unprofessional.
painful but not a bad place. very convenient and less busy than the one in chinatown
Edit: This review was meant for the office on Desert Inn Road.
I would give negative stars for how awful this "management group" is. Don't even consider doing it.
Vegas kitsch with great diner food!
A good place to explore on a weekend. Many diverse offerings but often a little pricey.
my go-to combination: 190 Octane mixed with Strawberry
I love their Wagyu Beef ISHIYAKI hot stone, very tasty!
All you can eat is completely worth. The salmon sashimi is really fresh! Great location too.
Awesome service and food! Gotta get the messy sundae!!!
Excellent service , prompt and quick , very friendly staff, Tyler provided excellent care !
Sad that this location is shutting down and becoming a Texas Lone Star....  BOOOOO!!!!!!
Lived up to the hype. Burgers had great flavor and were cooked well. Drinks were pricey but good.
Awesome staff always fast and friendly prices i love the og clear
Great hotel!!  I love it!!
Our experience is pretty good. Friendly staff at checkin and no problem when returning the car
Yummmmm! Best pizza ever!! The pepperoni is so good. I wish I could eat it every day.
It's just another hamburger with some exta options. So be prepared to drop some cash on a burger.
Best in town I am from MA and this is the only pie i can find that reminds me of home
If you are in a hurry, forget about it at this place. That is all I can say.
Truly amazing show. Flawless and entertaining and unlike any other Cirque shows.
Good but not great. A bit icy. I like a creamier version.
Cozy place with authentic Greek menu.  Very helpful staff.  Give it a try.
I love the panang curry here ! Best Thai lunch special in Vegas! Would recommend for dinner too !
Loving coming here!! The food is so good and the staff are always on their feet. Great prices too
awesome Portuguese buns, breads and sweets.
Really helpful staff! Able to help me figure out what gifts to buy for my family and friends.
Excellent happy hour! 1/2 price delicious cocktails. Highly recommend the basil-grapefruit marg.
Terrific food and service. Vegan! But carnivores will also probably like it!
When will Chilpoltle resolve the Carnitas problem???  No Carnitias, no money from me
Very good on my first try. Can't wait to try the duck and see how that is.
One word-AMAZING. The music is exceptional. Hands down one of my favorites in the city.
Very cute atmosphere with outdoor seating area and live music.  Geat tacos and best salsa ever!
Got a good stretch & muscle loosening -  felt amazing afterwards. Will come back.
Had the small beef soup, noodles were medium thick, it was good. I would go to again.
I love this part of town!!!  Thanks for cleaning it up!!!  Welcome to the "gayborhood"
Our entire family loves Artisen!! We love the unique flavors and that it is all natural.
Food is normal, service is slow so expect to stay 2 hours at least to get through the meal.
Great coffee, Baristas are nice  Nice not hoity toity atmosphere. The Lox box was fabulous
Umm, an extra 100 for an alleged six hours?!  No way, steer as far clear as possible.
Delicious Indian food. Great portions for the price. Would come again if in the mississauga area.
Service was great & the food was amazing! 1st time here & definitely will not be the last!
Great food, though I haven't tried much yet. I stick with the basics - hummus and pita.
Get the chocolate. It's intense, flavorful, deep and creamy. It's not cheap, but it is good.
Damn you Fox Restaurant Concepts! Damn you and your salted caramel pudding!!!
If you want to meet a rude cashier n  staff go visit this place.  food is very lame n tasteless .
The best place to take the wife hands down. Everyone is friendly and the shows are great.
Check your check cause they will make up prices. Food was bad. Service was ok, I guess it's Vegas
Al fresco seating in the back. Friendly service, delicious pancakes with sausage and eggs.
Great food at a reasonable price. Nice restaurant. Check it out, you'll be glad you did.
One of the best steaks in Las Vegas. Absolutely get the bone-in ribeye for two. It is extraordinary.
Avoid like the plague.
awesome party... It was David Guetta night. Me and my girlfriends had the best time there.
Bruschetta was amazing. Ambiance was perfect for a valntines day date. Service was great.
Found a Wahoos in LV on our way home to Socal, Thank You & nicest Wahoos of the 29 we've been to!!!
The organic burger was too dry. Not enough fat. I'm not sure if I want to try the other menu items.
ate here a couple of times while staying at the RiO...service is good. food is ok.
Food was great and the atmosphere was nice. It is kind of hidden and not easy to find.
Sunday brunch is good stuff, Rachel was the best :)
Home style cooking. Hip place. Friendly staff :)
The environment, taste, display and service are all good. It's my favorite buffet location.
Inexpensive delicious food. Can't beat los for mexican food
Neelu made it such a fast and amazing experience! Will definitely be back for her service
Reall korean homemade food!!! Best hole in the wall i have ever found definitely coming back !
Never had before and I have to say I was impressed. Food was tasty, hot! The tortillas were so good
Ate here twice. Breakfast and lunch. Nothing special. Other vegas buffets so much better
The food is awesome, the place is lively, and fun.  Melt always delivers satisfaction
Best one I have been to. Same delicious drinks more yummy goodness and a sweet inside to chill in.
Love this place.  Good people great food. They will make you anything your craving.   Gary
About five bucks for decent sushi roll . Nice staff . Made to order . Great lunch spot
Interesting exhibit.  Lots of fun and informative with respect to this part of the marvel universe
Cheap, friendly, clean and delicious. English muffin breakfast sandwich is just 3 bucks!
This was good not great. If you are going to a buffet I suggest the Cosmopolitan.
Food was amazing, portions were huge. Truffles fries were outstanding! Service was great!
This is a strong four! Great organic banana bread. I still want to try their apple bread.
Eastern is such a nice facility & the staff is Friendly. A huge salsa bar. Good prices!
In the greater Phoenix area places that serve Pho are hit and miss.  Saigon Kitchen is a 'hit'!
Highly recommended! Premium products for your kitchen - at rock bottom rices.
Really loved the food, atmosphere, and service. Had a great vibe and definitely recommend
 1 
Great tequila list, good happy hour/appetizers. Variety of tacos was disappointing.
$5 for unlimited board games, which is a bargain if you're exploring new board games with friends.
Typical tex-mex chain restaurant. Average food at reasonable prices. Service was good.
Great day spa! My wife and I have been here twice and will be back!
The most amazing time in Madison for a visitor from out of state. Riley and Emelye are the bomb.
Nice place to go if you are looking to save some money on select name brands.
This place is a bit too pricey and expensive, other afghan joints are a but cheaper than here.
Excellent authentic Pho, large portions. We loved the egg rolls. Very friendly staff as well.
Food took over 45 min to finally get to the table, but was good.
Literally reminded me of the islands and it was amazing . So good and I would recommend
fixed my flats and feed me lunch...what else does a girl need. Food was GOOD
great doctor!!! spent lots of time with me and seemed genuinely interested in my concerns.
Good value comfort food.  If you like spicy soupy food, the spicy fish soup is a must try.
Terrible $5 "prime rib" disgusting, dirty and dusty, the place is so old should be torn down
Always happy leaving IHOP. Classic pancakes and coffee every time. Nothing better than that.
Great options, delish and affordable! We had a little of everything and cleaned our plates!
Brisket Sandwich + Mac n' Cheese = Taste explosion.
Had a tattoo done by Dane and ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!! Clean shop and great guy!! Will be back for more
     $8 / $9   ...
Delicious food, great atmosphere, it is like having your own personal chef!!! Fantastic food!
Delicious Food! Great Service, friendly. I love the Pad Thai & Chow Mein. Kob Khun Kha.
Love this place! Good authentic Mexican food and friendly service.
Dr. Muala is great!  So nice to have him in Litchfield Park.
5 stars all day. For random beer run.
This shop closed a while back. Try Barbershop Jack over on High Street, great place.
the worse barber shop i've been to in along time the gentleman i had was so rude .got a bad cut
Super sweet staff!! Very excited to find this place. Very clean and do a great job!! :)
Best local Hawaiian style food!!! Ono Ahi Poke and chocolate souffl  or pineapple upside down cake.
Super! On y passe souvent pour prendre un bon kouign aman. Tout y est tr s bon et les quiches aussi!
We found a wasp in the coriander just hanging out? Other than that it's pretty good I guess.
Food is decent, casual chill place. Mostly came for the beer and the selection did not disappoint.
always a great treat, thank everyone there, great people with a great heart and the food was AWESOME
rude front supervisor
Merveilleux caf  avec lunch super et boulangerie/p tisserie de feu!
They do an excellent job!  Very friendly and accepts credit cards. Very nice small business!
My go to place for fresh, local pizza. Great customer service and the pizza is always hot and fresh.
What ever happened to my initial review of this place?  That was so not cool YELP!
Love this place, its so easy to find a quiet corner to read in and get away from everything.
This place is a gem in the desert. Went for happy wide variety of $5 sushi.
Outstanding food, service, ambiance and outdoor dining. Moderate portions, expensive but worth it.
Delicious creative food. Professional attentive service. Be sure to check in for the yelp freebie.
Sweet little Italian bakery with courteous ladies, awesome ice cream,pastries and lunches!
I gave this place a 5 star rating. Nothing more needs to be said.
Lovely pastries, and a nice place for lunch, but a bit pricey.
I used to get my morning coffee and sandwich form here everyday. They were nice and friendly.
Sushi samba is the bomb ask for Vanessa she was great, she recommended excellent dishes!
Got sante fe chicken and it was delicious. It's a grilled sandwich and came out piping hot.
My visit with Brandi was amazing... I left the place happy and satisfied. Thank you!!!
Good food and nice service. The patio is great, and there is not much inside dining.
Delicious pas see yew! Awesome fried rice! Very friendly service. I would definitely come back.
Very good biriyani. It is a small place and difficult to find. Not that pricey. Give it a try.
My first visit here.  I love Thai food and this was Good!  Great service !  I'll be back
Get the Spinach Artichoke Chicken it comes with rice, but I sub mash potatoes. It's awesome!!
Great Food!! Loved the Pad Thai Noodles, Garlic Chicken and shrimp and the spring rolls rock!
Great portions, best dessert pazookie: cookie/ice cream. Always fast and friendly service.
Right Honda always treats me nice and I always feel like I've received a great value
Changes in their customer service department - Scott is FANTASTIC!!!  So happy now!
Fantastic hole-in-the-wall locale with excellent staff and a basil pesto that is nicely balanced.
Food was decent. Coleslaw was better. Service was good once we got some after being seated.
Disappointed every time I've gone...won't be trying it anymore!!
Great food. Great people. Everyone is friendly. Amazing wings and fries. Give it a try, hidden gem
I used to go there with my Dad just to window shop.
Good first impression but subpar followup communications.
Great service and a lot too offer. I always am able find what I am looking for.
Good prices for Chinese and Thai items
..
Authetic, fresh Thai food.  Made fresh and lots of flavor. I will go back here for certain!
Best Nihari you have to try to believe. Their Reshmi Kanab are really good too and the naan too
Great choice for dinner with old Vegas charm! We loved it. The wine, food and cappucino were great!
Cute little cafe. Great food. Decent prices. Definitely would recommend to my friends.
Great service and great pho. Fried rice is amazing.
Food was okay, service was poor. I prefer Hana Japanese eatery not to far from here.
Great food - simple. Addicted to the pickled onions and I don't even really like onions
Great selection or ore loved here ,found Banana republic, Abercrombie and finch and Tommy Bahamas.
Went here with a friend. Great atmosphere and knowledgeable staff. It was a perfect Saturday.
If you can overlook the weird atmosphere there, the deep fried pickles are great!
Just don't do it. Scam artists. Wish I could give it negative stars.
Excellent place!, I highly recommend. Very nice people, great treatments. Love them!
Very nice employees. Donna was absolutely wonderful.
our daughter loves coming to class. mr grant is a great teacher with lots of patience for beginners.
Pleasant and fast.  Never feel like I am getting ripped off.
Nice sized store.  Sells maternity clothes.  Decent service.  Enjoy coming here!
great bar, awesome staff, superb events! love it
Good greek restaurant, nice ambiance, outstanding Gyros.
we eat here once a week with our three kids best larb chicken salid on the planet
Its a nice place to shop for daily needs , snacks like candy beverages or photos and pharmacy
Agreable promenade au parc, vue sur le barrage, toilettes correctes, on peut se rendre en velo.
Air went out they came out fast on forth of July and fixed and help use get a new ac asap!!!
The campus is clean.  The school is above average by Las Vegas standards.
Love Uncle Fu's Combination Fried Rice...great for breakfast, too!
Fun for the entire family. I played Ms.Pacman majority of the time!  :)
Ok.. burgers.. simple menu. Good service. Pricey for Bridgeville area local. Friendly staff..
One of my Favorite places! The service is good and so is the ambiance. Love the Steak Salad.
The food came out fast and was delish. Drinks were strong and server was very nice.
Love the atmospher, great food....Ribeye was awesome!!!
great place to watch the game if you dont mind second hand smoke and smelling like an ash tray
This place is STILL open? Shocking for I went once years ago (live in area) and no plans to return.
Fast, courteous, and reliable. This was our first time using this service. It will not be the last.
Definitely a good spot to hang out with friends! It's like a back yard for locals to hang out.
I've never had a bad pizza. Their crumbly sausage is so good and their service can't be beat. Yummy!
Best bean and cheese burrito. The tortilla is really good too! They guys are nice too.
I love this place. You make the tacos or burritos just the way you want them. Definitely going back.
So good.  Everything smoked onsite.  Their mustard sauce is amazing.  Their chipotle even better.
Great food, great service,  exceptional in every aspect. Try the clams. They are worth it.
Great food, terrific service and a really fun atmosphere. Definitely a come back place
Good service and friendly wait staff. One of my favorite local pubs.
Not that great. Doubt I'll ever order there again. But the driver was cool. Pizza was horrible
They always greet you with a smile and the food never fails to be great!!! Always a job well done
Had the steak fajitas. They were tasty. The service was wonderful. Will be going back in the future.
Very good, quality food every time. Owner is really nice and his employees seem happy to work there.
The best fricken caramel macchiato! Love their service, always friendly.
Mac n cheese burger and the onion rings were huge and delicious. Our waitress was awesome too.
I really enjoy this place. I'd come here often when I lived in the area just for drinks and hotdogs.
One of my favorites for salsa and excellent Margaritas!
Worth the drive from Kingman, Anna was Awsome!!
1st time eating here Got a burger, fries, hot dog, cookie, and drink for $5 Can't lose with that
The BEST chocolate on the west side.  Love the sea salt Carmels.
they are great people my family and I love working with miss Portia she always makes our day!!!!!
The staff are really nice. Prime spot and nice environment.
Customer service could be MUCH better. Consider other Angelina's locations before this one.
Bad choice for vegetarians. Roti kanai was good. Tried basil fried noodles, it wasn't great.
Poor excuse for a business owner. Shit tattoos along with slandering woman who wont sleep with him.
Decent service and drinks (Mill Street Stout) when I went today. I haven't tried the food yet.
Fast and Knowledgeable!!!!! Mike, Joe and the team are the best.
Poor service, mediocre food, over priced.  Go to IHOP instead.
Waited over an hour to receive a to-go slice of cheesecake because the ticket was lost.
Excellent pour!  Outstanding service!  You will not be disappointed.
Hit or miss. Not my first choice but cant be too picky with this place.
Finally made it. Food & drink ok but great concept & entertainment venue. Recommended
Freaking delicious. Try the jade red chicken in just about any combination!
mouai
Speed AWAY from Speedee Mart (you might get shanked if you don't).
stewardess can I have another drink? Nothing more than airplane food in a nice place won't return
Had an issue initially, but they worked with me to get to a resolution that I thought was fair.
Yummy!! Super friendly service. They have great weekly lunch specials. We had the"Belly Filler" .
i do not understand the big deal about this place.  food was okay.  service was okay.  just okay
Very clean restaurant, nice staff, good size portions. Best sesame chicken in Charlotte.
best 90 minutes of my lifeeeeeee! amazingamazingamazing!!!
The gauve father is AMAZING!!! . All organic ingredients to help me get thru the day.
Nice to have 58 draft beers to choose from.  Try the philly and sweet potato fries.
Food was bland and dry.   I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has great taste buds.
Great menu, Great food, great service. What more can you ask for?
The sushi was good but we had a hair throughout an entire roll of sushi  Very disappointing.
Just excellent. Delicate, sublime pastries and cakes. It's addictive. Great for gelato as well.
Strange, yet amazing combination of Chinese and Mexican. Cheap and good, but maybe not so healthy.
The Sushi was great and super fresh!  The Shaggy Dog Roll had the yummiest sauce.
I LOVE their "Loaded Skillet" breakfast. So good. One of my favorite breakfast restaurants
Amazing!  Wow who knew a redneck could use chopsticks
Food was okay, but overall service was quite slow for a place that was not really busy.
Best Vietnamese food in Charlotte! I recommend getting the summer rolls along with any pho
Good food. Terrible service. If you like to be completely ignored, this is the place for you.
Delicious and inventive food! I loved the Hot and Crunchy Avocado. I'll definitely be back.
They were prompt but very expensive.  Less than $100 in parts and $380 in labor for 45 minutes. Ugh!
Best swordfish I ever had and surprised because of the location! Will be back for sure!
Awesome place... a bit on the expensive side but all the food is very good and so are the sweets.
Not the standard menu, it was called the "international menu" good food, great service.
Family out for breakfast, Great service, good food, right off the 10 freeway so very convenient.
My new obsession! Tacos are amazing Home-Made chips & salsa bar so so good Plus they have a bar!
Great food, solid drinks, and excellent service. Will definitely return next time we are in Vegas.
Good food. Good salsa too. Service was ok. She seemed like she was in a hurry though.
Mushroom soup was good but way overpriced!
i've lived in tx for 7+ years recently. this is legit tx bbq; the brisket is amazing.
Yajaira G. Was very professional and efficient. Thanks girl you're a rockstar! Best location by far
Great service, outstanding food quality and a all around great place in downtown Chandler area.
Had the calilloo, yummy but TINY portions. Disappointing for the price and kinda bland.
She was amazing! Start to finish, this show was so entertaining! Best show that I have ever seen!
Outstanding service and great fresh sushi!  This place is a "Must" if you're visiting the area!
So many bones in the duck...yuck!  Overall a miss on every level.  I wont be back.
It is an authentic Cantonese restaurant, the beef noodles and fish porridge are amazing.
Fantastic service!!! I love my Maui Jim Starfish. Fastest turnaround ever!!! Thanks Jim!!!
Neighborhood  , good food, lots of beers on tab, and specially kid friendly!! Winning!
Pretty good food... Great sangria... Nice place!
as a base comparison to several others - this place is heads and shoulders above the rest.
Love my couples massage with my wife! great way to spend a relaxing time together.
Great meal, excellent staff, amazing ambiance!  Another Fox success.  We will be back for sure.
They have the best Shandy in town!  Simply amazing!
Best place to come with friends and family in a relaxed environment with delicious food!
Easy in and out. Convenient. Nice, clean shuttles that are prompt. Price is right.
Love the coffee, desserts and food!! Staff is great too. Awesome Portuguese bakery in Ajax.
Been coming here since I was a kid.  Doctors are great!  Linda Rosenburg is a great PA.
Great food and good prices, not a big fan of Bbabaganoush normally but here it is awesome.
Wonderful!! Great food! Great desserts!!!! Great people and the ambience is great! Love it!!!
Cheap and the selection is not too bad! This plac always gets me full! Service has improved!
Got the "Nata" here. Nice crispy portugese custard tart. Local and authentic taste.
Buffet was ok Tasted weird sometimes Good decor Good catering service Delicious chutney
The deuce. Pricey ass drinks as per usual.
.Isn't what it used to be. Barely any store opened anymore.
Super delicious food, great service, and very cozy location. Overall, great experience.
Decent Hummus. Good sides and plates, especially their grilled chicken.
High energy, great visuals, great music. Everything you expect from a Cirque du Soleil
Wonderful experience.  I would go back anytime! Rooms were magnificient. Service was great also.
I love this place! Renee is wonderful and I couldn't be happier with my color and cut!
Bad bad too much high prices i Old meat very old fries all driy beware
Nice rustic baguettes. Always enjoyable with cheese and wine.
Came here a couple months back and the women working here were wonderful and extremely kind
Great sandwiches and great location and appr ciat how they are close to bars . Highly recommend
Very cool experience. Who knew eating in the dark would be so difficult and fun.
Great steaks, sides, and cocktails!  The price is reasonable for a mid to high range steakhouse.
Very good bavarian creme donut bites!
Langzhou beef with jo ye style noodles and noodles with home style pork sauce with soup.
dont deliver then don't offer it ... thats all i have to say
So thankful for this compound pharmacy!  Always quick successful service, and convenient locations!
Slowest del taco ever. Employee at the drive thru didn't say a single word to me. Food is so so
Great pizza and it's halal only thing they need to work on is sauce and maybe offer free ranch?
Great food pizza & wings.  Yelp's ordering online makes it sometimes too easy to order :)
Kinda pricey and lack lustre , would eat hear again but not the burrito and not the burgers
Tom gave an excellent pedicure with a great massage. So happy I stumbled across this place!
Great Mexican food!  Highly recommend the green chili pork.  There is not a bad item on the menu.
Slow service and the $10 bowl of tomato soup may as well been Campbell's :( disappointing!
This location is now closed.
Very bad exp, they microwaved frozen food and cause all small pieces in container.. Very bad
Tasteless guacamole and salsa. Rubios is much better!!
Great food and atmosphere. Martinis were perfect too. Def a great choice at the Hilton.
Excellent.  Significant number of vegetarian items on the menu.  Great Service
Perfect for solid cheap drinks.
Save your money, and just go to the zoo. Not worth the price of admission......
Great place to walk around, beautiful sites and beautiful landscaping! I love living in this area!
Lots of cool things..great things for the kitchen... very friendly staff. will defiantly go back.
Fast and percise. My wife loves this place.  I even get a mani and pedi once and a while.
The food is good awesome for a late night snack...
First time ordering from here. Good food, fast delivery. Definitely ordering again.
Scam artist. $598 to clear drain. Went to home   depot rented snake $40 and now fixed
Nice pub with usually great fish n chips.  We go often early evening and it's never been crowded.
Eh.  Meh.  Amateur Veg cooking.  No salt.  Veggies cooked inconsistent.
Food was good. Big portions. Two people, two sushi plates, two udon soups, and sake.... $70.
omg amazing restaurant loved the service and the manager.  I will be making this a regukar stop.
Maria is great.  She's incredibly talented, quick and courteous.
Nayely was so much help and so nice!! Everything has been great so far!! This place is great!
Great portion for lunch. Sesame chicken is great! I am so love the tomato salad!
Cozy little restaurant with great pizza and a great atmosphere.
High priced and the clock repair person was arrogant and rude. Take your $ elsewhere.
Great fro-yo with organic options. Comparable in price to chain fro-yo.
Beautiful decor, good service.  Clean and neat.  Decent fresh food with reasonable pricing.
One of the best breakfast burrito ever. Really good taco shop food. Everything is very good.
Great service, very knowledgeable staff, just wish they would have more extended business hours.
This place always has a bunch of kids that work here. Service is not great.  Never have shoes sizes.
I love this sandwich shop I stopped going to all other sandwich shops . This is my place
Great steak.......awful service, unless you don't mind getting your salad AFTER your meal
Best salsa anywhere - great chips - perfect service! Definitely going back!
Some is really good  Some is .....bad...  It's true. But food feeling is very close korean culture .
Wonderful atmosphere, food and most importantly the drinks. Check out the awesome chandelier.
This place seems to be pretty good at making pizza and very bad at math. $3.99 for a decent pizza?
Kandy is the best. Been going here for 9 years!! Color is her specialty. Highly recommended
Great food. Wish the would open one in Greensboro NC Enjoy coming to charlotte to visit
Staff was very friendly and food was fresh. Mango tea here is amazing!
Always a GREAT mexican restaurant...the salsa is PERFECT!
We came for dinner. Some stuff was good, like the poutine, the trout and the chicken.
Delicious Poki at this place. Generous portion and great service! Definitely will be back here!
I've visited this place over the last ten years when we come to Vegas, and love it every time.
My first massage ever and  it was excellent! Staff was friendly and facility very clean.
Cory did a great job, I'd recommend Clean Genie!
Good food and nice patio.  And they are great with kids! Very relaxing with a great fire table!
When you are more expensive than delica, and your food is on par with druxy's; that's a problem.
Great food at reasonable prices and great customer service, will be retuning for sure
always good and great service, even 30 mins before closing :)
Kevin was very thorough and did a good job explaining all the details of his report.
Decent food. Skimpy portions. Pricy. Meh.
Great Food. Great Music,  All Day Happy Hour on Mondays. What more could you want?!
The best pad Thai I've ever had... And I eat a lot of this stuff---
I went there for  a lunch meeting. The food and service was great with large portions.
This is a great place to hike! There are a lot of different trails and it's very scenic.
Great chill spot.  Nice eye candy.  Awesome hookah/shisha selection
Mild brew is great! Refills are only .50 cents, keep your cup!
Love the family atmosphere and amazing food! Lots of love, good food, and spirits at Slice 19!
Very inexpensive and also very tasty pizza. This is always my goto place for cheap quality
Takes great care of my princess every time and she always looks amazing!!
Great pizza. Great beer options. Plenty of tv sports. Quality is high. Free table Pacman.
A+ for food, B+ for service. Wish they offered a black iced tea.
Pizza was so good! Just like Chicago, minus the scenery...
Great service! Thanks Butch.
Shamika did an amazing job on my hair!!! She has a positive attitude! Great conversation!
One of the best buffet that I ever had, I went full-savage mode on them foods. Hands down!
They really revamped and updated the food and beers. I'm now a fan.
I love this waffle cafe. Food is great and it's always clean when I go.  The staff is very nice.
Great food fun place. Paid $14.00 for lunch for  people, and I was full
Delicious pizza. Try the works with Jalepenos! Carry out was quick and easy. Make this decision now!
Horrible experience dan sherbondy was inappropriate and difficult will never recommend him
Food is excellent! Service was good as well, but bit slow. Aji De Gallina is my favorite!
Some of the best mex food in town. Los of flavor in the food unlike the boring stuff at Roberto's.
I got my first bike here, and every bike since :) it's def got some serious props in my heart.
Nice price for dinner & lots of sushi options. I would like to go back!
Try the sliders and tuna tapas. Love the choice in local beer too.
Nice place, good people and overall great time in a wonderful downtown pub keep up the good work
Pizza was OK but the tirimisu taste like maple syrup which isn't even an ingredient in tirimisu
Excellent guacamole and the most delicious lamb taco I've ever had...it will haunt me.
Good location - right by a big mall.  Clean rooms and generally reasonable.
Great deals to be found here. The staff is super friendly . High end clothing . New it items weekly.
Second time around and food is amazing. Bone marrow is a must. Thanks Carolina you are amazing!
Pita Jungle is great. I always get the chicken and hummus appetizer! It is enough for a meal.
Very nice salon , every one friendly ! high recommend !
We will come back!! Big, cold beer! Great fresh food Excellent service  We sat in the bar-
Awesome dentist. They took their time with me and were extremely thorough.   Very very pleased!
Meh... only a few steps above Mickey D's. I do however like their Presidente margarita.
They have a wide variety of bubble teas. Food is ok. But they only accept cash or debit.
Delicious ice cream and an amazing interior. Always my favorite place to eat ice cream on a hot day.
I love this place! Always do an amazing job on my nails!!!! New favorite place ever!!!
vegan junk food at its finest-went there a few months ago and REALLY need to go back again!
Great bee, food, games, and service.  Do yourself a favor and check them out!  You won't regret it!
The food was decent, the service was fast enough, but the cashier was rude & snobby.
Excellent neighborhood Italian restaurant.  Everything was delicious and the service was great!!
Love this place always good food!! And a good tip is the high top tables are seat yourself!!
If I was cool I would go here. Good pub quiz and specials. I think the deep fryer works triple OT
This is my go to spot when I crave Chinese food. Excellent Chinese food great flavor.
Branzino and sweet potato ravioli were fantastic! I would stay clear if the penne al Russo.
Amazing service.  Freshest of product and both traditional and modern takes on Japanese cuisine!
Mmmmmmm!!!!! These cupcakes are SO GOOD! Definitely coming back for more.
Nice place good food especially the mussels and good beers. Hip atmosphere
Great friendly service. Jerry is a top notch guy. They got us back on the road quickly.
Awesome food and atmosphere would recommend the perch and smashed potatoes are gooooooood!!!
Really cool. Great place to take the family to when walking on the strip!
It is a really good place to grap a grilled cheese. The portions are huge, so be ready to eat
Great food and excellent service! I was visiting from the bay area but I will definitely go back!
Personally love the lavender infused latte and arepa benny. Everyone is always super friendly too!
Huge beer list, good food, friendly service
Food not so good. Service was blah. Nothing special. Drinks were strong and music good
The food is so ridiculously good for the price you pay! I'm definitely visiting again soon :)
Food was fresh and crispy when it was supposed to be.   A little pricey but would recommend
Awesome job.  Fair price.  Thank you to all the yelpers.  You were right.
Best Italian food in Las Vegas!! Will definitely return!! Loved the accordion player with our meal.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Nice environment.  Could use a few ore vegetarian noodle options
Great food..huge portions...the half chicken dinner is my fav! Barg kebob is amazing as well.
Mike was an amazing bartender and has an uncanny ability for figuring out what you like to drink.
I had a less than positive experience for my child at covenant. I would not recommend this business.
Excellent authentic food, Paul knows best, don't argue with him because he will blow your mind.
Very good prices, and very yummy!
Fabulous pedicure. The foot and leg massage was the best I've ever had. Massage chair was great too!
Sat at the counter very entertaining, a little loud though.. Fast service, friendly staff.
No hassle service with a much better price & a better finished product than FedEx/Kinko.
Dishes was dirty and food not cooked fully, been on action 13 news 3 times for dirty dining
so, so terrible. expensive and unreliable just like the rest of them.
Food, Drinks, SHADE, and Golf.  Such a great combo!  Fun place with friends or as a date night.
Ordered spring rolls not knowing they would be the size of my head. They were delish.
The blueberry muffin is to die for! Best ever. This is definitely a gem and a must to visit.
Great food and service. Delicious Very Berry Spinach Salad.  Great Manu with lots of good options.
Best Pad Thai in town!  I LOVE THIS PLACE
My oncologist, Dr. Obara, is superb. The nurses are incredible. It makes my appointments bearable.
Total Shit. Charged us $13 cover and then no seats for us. Will never come here again.
Pretty good stuff for fast food. Better than most
New larger location.  Friendly owner and very nice furniture!
Great staff and such a good place to get breakfast. Top three favorite breakfast spots in the Burgh.
Excellence nourriture n' gale pas toujours   un bon service   la client le. 2h pour la livraison...
Best bagels in scottsdale.. Excellent coffee..family owned. Great service. Highly recommended
Their dim sum is a bit pricier compared to other places but their spring rolls have got me hooked!
I really dig this little place. Very friendly and inviting atmosphere and my nails always look great
Caramelized sparerib goodness Crisp tasty wings way better than other typical local chains
Love this place! My pup always gets the best care and their prices are the cheapest I've found
The pizza sauce was delicious. Fresh ingredients. Garlic knots and chicken wings are awesome.
Best hookah place in town! Food is great hookah is geat service is great. Cant ask for more
Best breakfast in the world. Great staff. Great prices. Enough said.
vegs bagel sandwich is good and fresh flavor.
Couldn't be happier with my hair! Thank you for the amazing Brazilian blowout and cut, Shaunelle!
Great food, great customer service, I only recommend ordering in advance to reduce the wait time.
Great games and service! Production values that outclass other escape rooms in every possible way.
Fabulous store (very packed!), but they seem to have everything! Very knowledgeable staff too
Awesome people and staff and they do an excellent job!! 10 stars to The Cleaning Monkey!
It was good for fast food. But nothing special.
Really bad food.  Twice I went ask for Thai hot but it was blend no test.  Do not recommend.
Headline says it all. Wish it was closer to home.
Great coffe, great breakfast bagel. What's more to say. Service was quick. Will be back!  Yum yum!
Horribly slow during lunch hour! They need to train their employee's to pick up the pace
Came for lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Quick service, very friendly, burger and fries tasty!
I did try all of them.good food in there.im est everyday.good services. I love them.
I needed Annie Sloan Chalk Paint and Audrey's had a great selection. Great customer service too!
great elementrary school! seems like these folks know how to learn a kid!!
Very scary walked in and walked out! Went to the rail instead!
Out standing food and service! I bring all my family and friends here. They always love it!!
I just love this place. I eat here whenever i can. The freshest ingredients, and the nicest staff.
Favorite spot to chill on strip. Lots of TVs. Tons of beer selections and great tacos!!
BEST thai food I have ever had! Love the family run restaurant!
Was a bit nervous about an all you can eat! Portions were good, food was delicious, price was great!
MUST start with garlic knots! All the pastas are amazing! Penne al pollo is definitely a must try.
overpriced and VERY small portions. Server was a pain too. Pass on this one folks.
"OK" hotel if you want to stay at a place that is cheap on the strip.
Higher Ground is an all-round delicious Calgary coffee bar.
Super mall on y trouve de tout, Sephora, Mac, guess, le ch teau, h&m ... Grandes marques de luxe ...
I've been going here for years! Hands down best salon in town and the service is great too!
Food was tasty. The place was empty and our server ignored us during the entire meal.
This office is horrible. Security guard was rude. Doesn't list what whey do and don't do.
OH MY GOD! Such good food here. Been here 2 times with the family. I loved it,
Place is a little bit chaotic but great haircut from Sylvia.
Delicious, affordable, quick, and good portion size! Pleasantly surprised with the outcome!
Too many many people, not enough cashiers. Hell most of the self-checkout spots are unavailable!!!
their UFO fried rice dish is a must try. Korean bbq is also very good!!!
I stop in every time I'm in town to stock up on my favorite teas.  It's the best tea shop around!
Love this bar dancing karaoke patios great crowd great bartenders bouncers always a great time
Great place...family, sports ( tv's), good beers, bar food and nice entrees, too.  Two thumbs up!
You really gotto try here!
Always excellent food and great service led by Mike the manager. This place is always consistent .
great food, quick service, a very comfortable setting, i'd recommend to anyone in the area.
Pretty good place for young kids
Great beans, atmosphere and service.  A perfect place e to hang to reflect on the day
Great customer service! Delicious coffee! And the food is amazing!! Definitely will be back!
How the hell in the world shawarma & donair place charges for Hummus?? Thats call being greedy.
This unit can not get their act together. The sad thing is that corporate doesn't care !!!
The best thai food in the world sp good ,,, I really love it    And will come back here for sure
Great customer service quick service.  If you need any help with plumbing do not hesitate to call.
First time here, very good we will be back!Excellent orange chicken and cashew chicken!
Great little place. Good lunch and dinner menu - very friendly and cheap!!
Taco Tuesday's are the BOMB! I love this place- the food- and everyone that works here!
Best Fast food burger place in the country!!
Superb food. Can't say anything bad about it. Fast delivery to our hotel also. Definitely recommend.
Had the spicy tuna roll, amazing!!  Come check it out.  Great food and great service!!
the eyebrow lady there is rude and rough she does a good job but has a rough hand
I'm picky about my pizza and this was among the best I've had. EXCELLENT classic caprese.
excellent quality of work! They really hooked me up when I needed help.  Bring your car here!
Mussels were amazing and the bison burger was decent, beer selection was great too, obviously.
Excellent food but probably not as good as Cure.  Great Drinks including the sangria.
My uncle recommended this place to me while i was in town.. This place sucks, I will never return.
Love Filibertos. Not to be confused with Fredricos or Humbertos or any other os. Great food.
You must try the roti canai appetizer!
the tacos were wonderful. and pear vodka was so nice with my sister before boating on the lake
What's not to like about this place?  It's a friendly, bustling little diner. Very busy on weekends.
I went to a Dahn yoga in Mesa.  NOT traditional yoga.  It's actually rather cult-like.  Beware.
Real cool place to go, taste, and learn about wine.  Very knowledgeable staff.
very slow service and decent food, nothing special. fun atmosphere though!
The BEST gluten-free dessert options in the valley. Helpful staff, decent prices.
The food is decent, portions are adequate for the price paid and the happy hour was a good value.
Delicious food and wine. They catered to all our needs. Loved the customer service.
This coffee menu is so creative and each drink is crafted to perfection!
Laid back good food cool waitress Cheap I'd go back was here 12/8/11
It is dark inside, therefore make me dont want to buy it anymore
came through in a pinch with healthy fresh fruit. Nuff said
Another Mr Hero option located in Cleveland Hts. Staff excellent and the food as well...great job!!!
This place was great. A true hidden Argentine treasure. Everything was fantastic.
Great service and awesome wings!!  My new go to spot when I'm craving wings near home.
Very slow service. Expect to be here a few hours for dinner. Food was overall good, just very slow.
Outstanding customer service and great tasting food!! Great selection of paninis and salads.
Best meatball sandwich! Rivals my mommas. Worth it!
Hands down my favorite cafe in the valley. I go specifically for the brownies, they're made of GOLD
Awesome! Love the Orange chicken and their green tea! Portion sizes are huge....plenty to take home.
Clean ambiance.  Tasty wrap.  Served hot with lots of customization.  A great lunch spot.
They are awesome,  food is delicious and I'm addicted with their Tom Kha (Coconut soup)
Great beer selection. Excellent menu. Breezy patio. Try the chicharron - huge and crackly.
Just an anerage Asain Buffet
Fox is a genius. Never had bad service, staff so friendly and quality of food is top notch.
Christmas Ale & smokehouse wings it does not get any better than this.
This is an amazing bakery! Sandwiches or pastries, even donuts - you can't go wrong here!
Good pizza. Cold beer. 'Nuff said.
Good food and a clean open kitchen. Nothing to complain about. Better than others in the area.
Terrible scheduling then they dont show and offer the next day, with a 4 hour window. Stay away!
This would be my favorite restaurant if it weren't 30 miles away.  Great food, friendly service.
Iced coffee in a mason jar ...love it!
New favorite, top three favorite and absolute best sushi I've ever had.  Just wow!!
The service was stellar, this drinks stiff, and the food superb.   The crispy gnocchi was stellar.
Great milk tea. Not as sweet as some of the bubble tea places in the states. Def recommended
Great place to catch up with amazing cup of caffe latte and delicious snack.
best smoke here in cali and AZ with the best customer service with melad MR habibi.
The woman is really nice. The baked goods are excellent.
Best time to go is during happy hour 3-7pm otherwise there is better Mexican food for the money!
Juno is the best. His staff's attention to detail and the quality he maintains in every dish shows.
good food good medium hot salsa good price.  the soda is a little expensive but that's everywhere.
Good food..yummy
Took a long time to get two calzones. The food was good though.
Nice food! If you are craving for some hot and spicy soup base you have to come here!
Very good average hotel outside of the downtown area.
Service is always great here. Food good, but risotto had way too many peas. Overall, very good.
Great service, if a bit pricey! You get what you pay for, though, which is what counts.
Favorite bagel place in Vegas! Divine.  Don't even get me started on the cream cheese
#pitbull show was super short no encore & now @pitbull u owe my daughter a concert at her school!!!!
Amazing food and Brian is the best. I recommend "Livin' La Vida Loca" and "Bang a Gong".
Update! The breakfast tacos are LIFE!!! (Service still takes a lil while though...but it's worth it)
I was there in 2015's spring vacation. Beef was so good And the waiters were very friendly.
Good all around selection of Asian groceries With a Vietnamese emphasis.
It's good. Good atmosphere. Good beers. Good snacks. Interesting restrooms. Will be back
Best place for children and adults to go! Absolutely love this place, very informative
I hate this place, it made me soo sick when i ate there for lunch, will never return to this place
I love dottys the bartenders are the best and I've won 2 jackpots !! They even have food!!
Best lunch deal and freshest fish imaginable for an upscale restaurant. Awesome- a cant miss.
Love Happy Dog. Great food at really reasonable prices. One of my favorite places in Cleveland.
one of the best thai rice, you can either pack or eat in. they dont disappoint you...
Awesome time we had fun playing! Kassie is so helpful and my girls love playing dodge ball here!
Excellent customer service.  Food was great, snow crab legs and blue crabs.  Highly recommended!
I like the menu, which has a good number of different toppings, and it's great for vegetarians.
They do replace it finally.thankyou for business.continue for good customer businness
Excellent service and friendly staff plus for the price they offer, its well worth it.
Good sushi! Especially, with the slim pickings in South Phoenix. There Vegas roll is the best!
Love this place! Customer service excellent and Pho is great! Really tasty spring rolls too!
Great beer, had the Swiss Amry Beer, and had fun with Skee Bowling.  Love this please
Wow is all I have to say! Try this place for sure!
Top notch service, amazing pizza, great atmosphere. I loved it.
15 mins for a return. 10 mins to pay. No help loading closet doors. This is why I shop Lowe's.
The absolute best hair stylist I've ever been to!!! I love my hair and so does everyone else.
Great food.   Love the eggs Benedict Montreal. It is worth the walk even at 0 degrees
Ariana is amazing and really listens to my needs.  Clean facility and great customer service.
Lamb wrap was delicious. Mushroom soup was nice too. We really enjoyed the patio outside.
Great food, obviously prepared with pride and care. I will certainly be back.
Our Roxy loves this place.  Very good with all the dogs.  Roxy loves Lannette.  5 stars all the way.
Good food. Friendly staff. Quick. Tots are a little salty but overall really good food.
Worst chinese food ive ever had. Small portions and has no flavor. Not worth the $10.
Rug cleaning is really good. Nice people and great prices. 8x10 white area rug came out beautiful.
Great food at a reasonable price. The all you can eat menu is worth trying. Courteous staff.
Yeah, Dan, is a good man. But the phone is disconnected so I assume he has moved on. Geo
Upscale hukah cafe . Good music, good vibes with comfortable seating that suits a hukah lounge.
Pretty good gyro :) the Greek fries were good.
Wonderful group of people at this gym.  Very welcoming and respectful.
This is a fun little AYCE Korean BBQ place. The quality is excellent and service is friendly.
I have to laugh reading the other reviews because I had exactly the same experience.
Didn't like the atmosphere. Food is not memorable.
took way too long to get a manicure and pedicure, over 2.5 hours.
Love this place. I love their French Toast. And the Crispy Bacon is done well. Continued Sucess.
nice cakes. *^_^* not super sugary. Japanese style. cute servers  and cute environment *^_^*
The best Italian deli in the Phoenix metro area hands down.  Incredible value.
My friend and I were seated pretty fast but we waited 20 minutes and weren't even served water.
Slow service. Loud and crowded. Limited menu compared to a few years ago. Not impressed...
Start with the pretzels.  Pastrami sandwich is outstanding.
Amazing massage and back exfoliation. Great location, zen vibe, very clean.Cannot wait to go back.
Sky Harbor makes it a lot easier for those of us who travel with fury friends.  Nice touch!
Well all Walgreens are essentially the same.  Pharmacy team is great and fast!
The food was So good. Marianne was super nice and even though it was busy our food came really fast
Sat there for 15 minutes and nobody bothered to come to the table. Left and went to Hudson's
Amazing food  the chef is extremely passionate which is shown in every dish i have tried there
The Butterfish is phenomenal! Great for special occasions.
Excellent doctor, thorough, practical, easy to talk to. Highly recommend.
They have the best story time on Wednesdays at 10 am with Mr. Eaton. He is fabulous!
i like to play here now and then , i will have to try food and get back to properly review
This is my go-to place when I'm really hungry. The food is always reliably tasty and filling!
Never a bad "do" here.   Top notch operation with a great staff.
A beautiful piece of Italian heaven!  The food speaks for itself!
Good food, ambiance and great service. Slightly on the more expensive side but worth it.
Let's just say I feel privileged and proud to be a nursing student at this community college!
The baristas were not friendly at all and the drinks were meh.
Had to get a snack wile at the museum. Food was ok but dessert was sooooo good fried bread sunday.
I love Wahoos fish taco food!
Tiny portions  Flavorless pasta sauce.  Expensive and so not worth it
Food is outstanding! We are so glad to have a great sushi restaurant in Downtown Las Vegas.
Best Pizza, Best Philly Cheese Steak!!!!! This place is just the bomb!!!!!!!!
The  spicy chicken thai basil is delicious and their lunch special can't be beat!
Food was okay but service and prices are great. I would eat here again.
This bar is great! The Happy Hour is unbeatable and the whole place has a great vibe.
its onle 2 stars because i ate breakfast.... lunch would have been better
Great mexican food. Service is top notch and friendly. Love Josh and Hannah.
Fresh made for each meal Cute little spot Good atmosphere  Crab cakes and lasagna were amazing!#
Nice & fancy restaurant, expensive, but not impressive menu, gr8 service, not coming back
I went to the new location at 7th St. & Thunderbird and it is also closed.
Oh my, the gigantic Nutella crepes are just as delicious as I remember.
My trainer Kelly is so amazing! She really knows what she's doing, and the results are fabulous!
Best pho in charlotte! Really clean and classy atmosphere. Everything I've eaten here is great!
This place is usually crowded, but the food is great and close to campus.
Nice service, very attentive. We had the feijoada and pastel de palmito and it was all very good!
Great place for kids! Not to many people..great prices and the snack bar was great..will return soon
Great service, cleanliness and food! Order Jun's Special for a little bit of everything.
Cute restaurant with a street side terrace. Friendly staff. Great Horchata and Papusas.
Cute place. Had a cold latte with coconut milk, service was quick.  Bathroom was clean.
OHMYGAWD this place is amazing!!!! Fast friendly service and immaculately seasoned food!!!!
There is a reason this place has won awards for its BBQ. Excellent. Delicious. Great service.
New Panera Bread on our area, love this place. Thank you for coming to our neighborhood.
The food was very fresh & healthy. Has a great patio & fire pit. Staff was happy & friendly
Love the food here.  Very generous portion and great taste.  Highly recommended.
Great people, awesome place, well recommended, affordable price...awesome for large party...
Yummy food, definitely worth a try. Most notable items were Jerk chicken and ox tail croquettes!
Omar did an awesome tint on my suv in a timely manner. Wonderful! Price was also reasonable.
Great, small, below ground local.  Nice selection of brews.
Great pizza place! Owner is super nice and friendly.  Come support the small business guy!
Overpriced but good. I'm from New York so I know a good bec. I recommend the Fairfax with bacon.
Like a widow maker heart attack meal waiting to happen. It was good, but really over the top.
Some of the best bbq in town. Friendly service and good food is a tough combination to beat.
Great Indian Food and curries, just a little too pricey so may only visit once a year.
this is a beautiful club and nice touch with the fireplace and cafe in the front. good classes
Yum, yum, yum. Beautiful, great variety, wonderfully served, friendly service. Best gyro ever!
Middle of the road lunch place..nothing more nothing less, French quarter salad is alright
One of the best pizza delivery restaurants in the Saint-Laurent area.
Pizza is Always Hot and ready never need to wait! Taste good for the price of $5 pies
Local Starbucks, clean, and a friendly staff. The hot spot works well for my IPhone.
Nice gym! All the equipment you would need and plenty of space. Reasonable rates and friendly staff.
Love the friendly staff and the way they make you feel so comfortable on the dance floor!
Food is fresh and reasonably priced. Love the variety of people here. Everyone is so nice.
Veggie Mediterranean Lite pizza. Too much cheese, not enough salt, low taste quality.
Adopted my dog Frank and here I volunteer here. Great place!
The price is definitely worth the product! It is the go-to place for a great burger in Montreal!
Always solid good old school Vegas.milkshakes are some of the best in town
Food was great.  Followed recommendation of waiter.  Really an excellent value.
Don't get the ice blended drinks they taste like pure powder! Such a big waste of money.
Everything is Super Fresh and I love the live music. Perfect Friday night spot with the family.
Wonderful hospitality. Will pick you up from the airport at no charge. Simple but clean.
Big big improvements! Friendly staff! Smooth chill like place to hang .great for drinks & dinner!
Decent quick Chinese food in between classes. Price is cheap, haven't had a bad meal yet.
Honest , fair pricing and knowledgeable. Shows up at the appointment time , unlike most people
Awesome beers, awesome service. It's really nice sitting out on the patio on a decent day.
Delicious!!  This sandwich was lean and mean!!!  Loved the pickles and green tomato assortment too!
This place has the absolute best garlic knots and great topping choices for their pizza.
The line is Intimidating at first but moves pretty fast breakfast sandwich was good I must say
Jack and the whole team at ICE were awesome. Great quality, great service, HIGHLY recommend!
read other comment I left.  food was not prepared as requested.. my last trip there,  for life.
Delicious food, however it is extremely oily.   Good for the days you feel like slacking.
I'll get right to the point: meat quality - decent, side dishes - OK, SERVICE - Horrible!
First time going was last night. The chorizo taco I had was amazing. The bowl was amazing
Best auction in town! They stand by the products and always give you a great deal!
The octopus and the Greek yogurt are soooooooo good!!! The best! Will come back for sure!!!
Got some good bargains.  The mall feels a bit dark and dreary.  Needs an update.
Great food. Good veggie options.  I always get canai , the golden tasty tofu is spectacular.
This is an update review. So I went again and the dim some was fresh make. Uh it was so god.
Food tasted okay....but the overall look of the place deserves an F.
Terrible atmosphere. Go here if you want to hang out with rude bartenders and lame customers.
My fianc  enjoys coming here and likes the products. Location is convenient and staff is friendly.
Don't even bother. This place is a ghost town with less than bright servers.
I love the place for the fresh fishes ~~  Oysters so yummy~
Yes! Yes! Yes! Pizza. Service and an authentically wonderful owner.   Why haven't you been here yet?
Jeff at L.P. Scuba is the consummate professional. I highly recommend both he and the shop.
Was happy to see they added broasted chicken to the menu,
Ashley is a great stylist and has a cute salon!! She is super nice and is the best!
Great food and great service. The chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious!
Been here many times and tonight was the first time we've had excellent service. Mandi was the best!
Great Service, Wonderful Staff, Unique Frames. What else can be said?
Cheap food and great at late night after wondering about! Best fish tacos in the world!!
What a great time at an amazing venue!  Great views.  Great service and super fun game!
Happy hour is daily from 3p-5pm. The karaage rice bowl was delicious as was the FNB poke tacos
Yummy chicken enchilada; chips are tasty. Authentic, old world style restaurant.
Went for are first time.  The property is very nice and relaxing.  The food is amazing good.
Reasonably priced southern cooking in the Venetian.  The food was very enjoyable.
Very fun and interactive. The tour guide was very enthusiastic and informative. Really enjoyed it.
Love the buffalo chicken dip and the 4 dollar long islands... Staff is great.
Love the design and concept. The workers always seem a tad bit unorganized though.
Qu'importe ce qu'on y mange, c'est d licieux.
This place has the best menu!!! Definitely a hidden gem, the food and drinks are amazing!
Great little place. Order a cupcake to go because you'll be too stuffed after dinner.
Nothing great. Would not go back. Meat balls were just okay. Nothing else on menu to choose from.
If you want a stale, undersized  doughnut, get one from this place.
Farmer burger had everything I like in a burger but it didn't really stand out the way I hoped.
Bad service manager is rude no cherry dessert pizza taking bffet down before it's even over!?!
V Nails is awesome!!! Vinh is great! They are all so nice and creative! I highly recommend them!
Home of the Jihad!  Stay away, I'm sure there is a dirty bomb somewhere in that place.
Oyster Po'Boy is money.  Their bread is really good and the taste is unique.
First trip here . Loved the Caesar salad and pasta bravo! Dessert trio was sooooo good!
Great breakfast spot! Amazing food for the right price! Bottomless mimosas for $15.00, great patio!
Anna is really nice and patient! Very detail oriented as well. Totally recommend.  
Alexandra was the bomb. She made an otherwise crappy process quick and painless! Thanks again.
 
Great slices! Great wings. Not the cheapest by any measure, but you do get the quality you paid for.
After my post. A few minutes later they gave us free zeppolis. Omg. This place rocks!
Too expensive! Just not a good deal...
Love that the flavors change frequently!  Great way to beat the heat!
Excellent food great prices wonderful owner. Any time I'm in Ambridge I always stop in.
Love this place!!! drinks, chips, salsa, bean dip and the fajitas were delish!! Good service too!
John was amazing. It was clean and the staff made me and my husband very comfortable.
                       
best in town  takes time to get a pizza but it's worth the wait .  great job
Your standard Costco.  Lots of stuff with good prices and high quantities.
Best tomato soup ever.  Also love, love the smothered chicken.
This juice is amazing!! It's a little expensive, but the ingredients and taste is well worth it.
The first time that I'm satisfied with American hairstylist...Ace is really good at men's cut!
animal style fries...my weakness & a double double with grilled onions = satisfied
The Red Herring is, without a doubt, the best restaurant in this world, or any other.
Cute breakfast place. The area seems a bit sketchy, but the food and service was excellent here!!
Simply amazing. We loved it so much two weeks ago we are going back today from Ahwatukee.
Favorite place to watch sports and eat. A tad pricey but this is Vegas. Food is great.
Great small plates with excellent flavored. Extensive reasonably priced wine list as well.
Was on a tour of Chef Ramsay's restaurants while here in Vegas... the chicken and waffles tho!!!
The bomb!!! I love B and Jenny!! Prices are reasonable and customer service is great.
e-a-g-l-e-s ......eaglesssss!
Applebee'sesque, below average to average with poorly trained ASU wait staff.
Best Olive Garden because TYLER P! The man! Aka Blood Dragon! Ask for him when you come through.
Delish breakfast bagel deal. Get the farm house with a green chili bagel. It's beyond amazing.
Unpredictable each visit.  Checked the county health code web site and decided to stop going.
Great music by Chuck E Baby. Good happy hour food. Nice place to relax.
Awesome location, super funny/fun staff!!! We will definitely be returning, thanks so much guys!
I was looking for one because I was in the area and yu ling was really good and fast with my kids
This is nothing close to Mexican food, I ordered a burrito that was grease and nasty.
Ordered five French toast sticks, got 2.5. Thanks for stealing my money scum bags.
I love Pita Jungle, fresh quality food that is consistently delicious! Thank you Pita jungle!
As good as it gets, the closest to a Croissant from France.  Hands down the best in the city.
Food, the setting and service is amazing!  Highly recommended to those who likes to eat
This place is amazing! A must-try for any wine and tapas lover passing through Charlotte!
My visit was wonderful.   Everything you want in a dental office is here...
Delicious food. They have Mutton biryani on weekends, it is very good and affordable.
My go-to lunch spot.  Sandwiches never fail me!   For first-timers: get the ham sandwich.
The overall experience was fantastic..I will forever come back to this place for kbbq
Cool place younger crowd compared to a place like Commonwealth, but had a fun time here....!
Horrible customer service. Super overpriced and the staff is so rude. I will never shop here again.
I smile every time.   Amazing fountain show set to music.   Viva Las Vegas.
the best coffee in the world  or at least the parts i've been to.
Not the best Indian I've had. Naan was burned. Buffet was ok. Tandoori chicken was good.
Only come for their whole duck =9
I'm surprised how much my daughter loves attending and her shift in attitude toward math is a shock!
Honest private business, honest price, superb food!! Second time here. No disappointment!
Hot to death, plenty of people watching and many who come here obviously hit the gym.
Outstanding! Clean, friendly, great classes and instructors! Equipment well maintained!
Great place... face value... lots of regulars but great folks... Great place to watch a lions game
Love this place. Amazing service. Super friendly. Always delicious! Our favorite breakfast joint!
Best in town. My husband and I go whenever possible and have a relaxing pedicure. Highly recommend.
Such a great place. Really good food! Amazing customer service. Ambiance is top notch! Will be back!
Foods great but the customer service is so bad that I wouldnt even think of going back...!!!!
Jesco White the Dancing Outlaw performed here this weekend. Probably one of the best shows ever.
Not my type of fun but it was for team building so ok. It was well ran and organized. Fun themes
It was my second time comming here really nice people. A little pricey but well worth it
Never fails I love this place and the service especially the food they always hook it up
Enchiladas just the way you want them. Line was a bit slow (lunch rush) but the food was great!
If you want to see a unique pizza place, this is it.  If you want good pizza, go someplace else!
RIDICULOUSLY OVER PRICED. Fruit cup was 2/3 filled and cost 7bux. Even Starbucks is cheaper..
The place was amazing. Did a couples massage and it was well worth the money.   Fun experience.
Seriously, not a bad seat in this arena!  Love it! Also very clean for all the traffic it has!!
1 of the best in Newmarket. Fresh + lots of toppings
Rudest customer service ever! And no carts while you shop. I will not be purchasing carters again
Great place! Long wait, but def worth it!
They got my speeding ticket downgraded to a non moving violation. Quick, easy and cheap.
Yum! Great food, fast and cheap. Don't think you can get better Mexican in the area.
A great place. Unique atmosphere. Excellent alternative to franchise restaurants.
Great place. Very cool specialty cocktails and a large social bar. Well done! New favorite hang out.
They spent a lot of time helping us pick out glasses.Very friendly great service.
Excellent chips and salsa/hot sauce. Food is great here. A local favorite since the 1950's.
Love living here but they wanted to raise my rent $130/mo. for a 6 month lease so I am moving out.
This is my favorite Thai place in Charlotte. The family that runs the restaurant is super friendly!
Went for a couples massage. We received great massages from each worker, very nice & polite.
Shrimp fried rice delicious  Pas Thai - OK
Best sandwiches....ever! Cute little patio area! The Sheridan sandwich and side salad are amazing!
If you like to club with 16 year olds this is the place!
Very good bbq very tasty and close to all downtown locations for lunch or dinner very helpful staff
Had a great anniversary dinner. Greater with Champaign and free dessert. Wow!! Thank you
Good place to get liiiiit. S/o to Chief the security guard. Made my experience 10 times better.
Great food and service.  The Green Curry is excellent. The staff is very friendly and attentive.
Great place for everyone to have a good time! Love the music and it's cool no matter what age
Great happy hour, nice clean establishment and very friendly staff. Will come again!!!
This is the most beautiful club! The views of the strip are amazing and the staff is super nice!
Great Customer service... Food tasted fresh and delish.... My only dislike is the water....
Great staff very friendly.  Close to the Dodgers ballpark
Awesome place! I love coming here and the fish tacos are to die for. Definitely recommend it!
Went here in a recommendation,  portions and service were great, pho soup base a little sweet.
Dirty and rude. I went over to the tanning salon across the street and got amazing care!
Finished the devil dog challenge in less than 10 mins. Excellent place for hot dogs.
Love, this place!  Fatty brisket is the best, but come early enough to make sure you get some.
This is my go to brunch place, in South Phoenix. I love the asthetic, the service, and the food!
This guy rocks. Super honest and fast. I recommend him to anyone.
Good appetizers and decent wine selection... nice atmosphere. Super fun for lunch...
Delicious BBQ. I had brisket and broccoli. It's was amazing. Great customer service with a smile.
Eh had way bigger expectations for this place. Great martinis and service. That's about all.
Candy store meets club.  Offspring is sweet yet a little wild.
The staff at Sun Devil are the best. Very reliable and courteous!!! I always know I can trust them.
Best chicken strips I have had in a long time and who doesn't like Texas toast!?
Trendy taco shop in Old Town Scottsdale with good menu.
We love culvers! Great food, great environment! The honey mustard and root beer are amazing!!
Justice, the store manager was extremely patient and helpful with a last minute shipment.
Love the surprise staff! My kids rather go to the childcare then home! It truly is our second home.
Our favorite Korean restaurant in southeast Las Vegas. Good food and good prices and friendly staff.
GET THE DUCK PANANG. service is a bit slow, could've been better... food makes up for it!
Dependable neighborhood BBQ.  Great for quick takeout.
Sound treatment, competitive prices, pleasant folks. Can't say enough good about them
Food was good. Liked the stacked Nachos. Baja combo was also good. Overall it was okay for the cost.
Decent eats, inexpensive prices.  Can't really go wrong with this one.
Best place to get breakfast in South End!
My son loved his sandwich. My quiche was ok. Prices were very affordable. I recommend this place.
Had some issues, Schumacher agreed to take care of. Handled very professionally. Very satisfied.
Every time I come here it's fantastic.  So the food,  drinks,  and music are always on par.
Best pizza ever love the service and the location .  Very friendly staff and great atmosphere.
Teaser class was excellent! Teacher was great! Highly recommend :)
Love this place. When we need a quick yet delicious dinner, this place is it. Michael is the best
Amazing like everytime Thanks for perfect costumer service. The guy from the optical the only one!!!
None of us really enjoyed our food, it was quite dry and reminded me of Chipotle level quality.
Food was alright, happy hour wine selection was alright.  Wouldn't go back.
They did a great job.  The prices are very fair and a good atmoshphere
Very good selection of Filipino and Asian food.Its A beautiful store and very clean and convenient.
The wings and tots were served cold, it was not even crowded. I do know how this place stays open.
The 3-course lunch special is fanastic!!!
Clean, plenty of supervision, better priced than lots of the competition. Regular shooter there.
Excellent sushi & surprisingly great service! I will definitely be going back.
Very quick service and delicious gyro wraps in pita bread.
Back to one of my favorite eateries. Thank you Wildflower Bread Company. Love your food.
Great sandwiches, camembert yum!
Good, simple American food, excellent friendly staff, good atmosphere, fair prices.
Service was good. however, my fillet mignon was cooked well done when I ordered medium well.
Clean place, friendly staff and delicious shawarma. Good price for a delicious meal. Recomended
Friday night fish all you can eat, is mostly batter.  Don't waist your time.
Tried the newly added chorizo loved it. Nice spice not to spicy though, go try some if your a fan.
Loanne does a great shaping work - very happy!
Very good felt rushed to make my choice but amazing food. The homemade granola is worth trying
If you want a colon cleansing, eat here!  What a waste of my $$ and toilet paper,
They've always taken care of all my needs. Easy to make appointments and quick service.
Like the outdoor patio, but the only food worth eating here is the pizza.
Awesome buffet!  Loved it!  They had lots of seafood items. Very nice friendly people.
Nice choice for Filipino fast food!
Boring. Aging hipsters looking bothered. The coffee is bland, as is the decor.
Trashy but if they clean it up and get people with energy behind the sales desk it might be ok.
Best bagels and home made corned beef hash! Great BIG salads, yummy treats, all in one place!
Everything thing was good. The meats were super tender and tasty. Nice serving sizes.
Valet park. The main lot is dirt :( Food was good and atmosphere was excellent.
Great coffee, good food, slightly expensive.
Been coming here since I was a baby. Amazing food. Makes you feel like you're part of the family!
Went to Whiskey Row for the Broncos game today. Great atmosphere and a great time!!
Excellent coffee, friendly people. Not the most comfortable patio area but it's nice.
Wonderful staff, great food, great atmosphere.  Mimi is awesome,  would recommend 100%
Tried to call in an order today & the phone was disconnected.
Like to walk and take a gondola ride there it's such a beautiful place, especially at the evening!
My version of fast/comfort food. Consistently delicious.
Amazingly good smoked meat sandwiches and only $4.75. I try to visit every-time I'm in the city.
You cant be that rude to people when the nail service you put out is mediocre at best.
Loved it! The food was good, our waitress was great and it's a relaxing vibe in there. Will be back!
Don't even think to go to this place, you will regret it, worst service ever
Johnathan and David were great, very polite informative and did great job! Thanks,  Prema
The chivche was the best!  Really enjoyed the food here and look forward to returning again!
Loved Brad the Bar tender. Lots of laughs and fun. Come check it out. You will not be disappointed.
This place was so cute, coffee was great, and had great customer service! Would definitely go again!
We went for take out and our salads were ready very quickly. They tasted good and were healthy.
Really cool place with lots of delicious tea!
cute store very helpful girl but all they had was xs which im not. everything i wanted was online :(
Grab that dog by the ears and Wolf it down Angry kimchi dog! I think that says it all.
Good service, food and drinks! I would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys Thai food.
People were nice but this place is so dirty. Even the blinds are dirty. I couldn't eat my food.
What a fun place! Dance floor, entertaining painters, and video games....something for everyone!
Meatball, Mushroom Garlic Calzone is just so good.
Great food, service is impeccable, never disappointed BUT wish creamed corn never left menu!
Incredible smells, food, & staff. If you don't know about this place you will not be disappointed.
Great tasting pizza. I ordered for pick up. It was ready in the time that was estimated.
The ribs, you must try them! My major mistake was getting a 1/3 slab.
Amazing sushi rolls and excellent seafood. Loved it!
Waiter was always forgetting things,atmosphere  fun. Food negative.Dont waste your money here
i like here. And firendly service. I just want to try and chef give me I really want. I love beef!
"I'll highly recommend you to all my friends, family, and colleagues."   - Michael & Theresa Nero
Their website is no longer working.  That's never a good sign.
Excellent dim sum and food . Top quality  Service was very good as well  I strongly recommend
Fast service. New location. And exceeds the high expectation set by Chipotle.
Great pakie food served by people in turbains and camels oh yes oh yes very good
This is the Starbucks that I always come to. The staff knows my drink and they're all very friendly.
cute little spot  easy to find off the freeway.  Always clean and friendly!
Recently I had RCT done and they did it very well. I am impressed. It din't hurt me at all.
These guys stand by their word and their work. Very pleased with my experience and highly recommend!
This was delicious! Frutti de Mar with cappilini. Didn't leave a single thing on the plate.
Decent.
Went to see the Song with my wife on our date night! Very clean theatre. We will be back
Amazing food at great prices, will plan on going back soon.  staff is also wonderful.
 
1st time and its delicious!!  Its also healthy and a good serving the rice is yummy.
Place is horrible, stinks of mold. Will not be coming back. Place looks run down and sketchy.
Good stuff, a bit pricey though, 7 dollar pretzel with beer mustard, I'll pass.
Great place for breakfast customer service is awesome thank you Felicia we will be back soon
Had my 40th here with the guys, stayed in an amazing suite.  Good experience...
We've been using this Vet for years and always pleased with the care they take for our animals.
On time and the price exactly as quoted. Used for rekeying a new house and will recommend!
the mini cupcakes are great for sharing!  the sandwiches are delicious and make for two meals!
this place is good but i think its over hyped...
I've had a great experience each time I've come here! Love the concept
Cheap.  College.  Bar.   Xtra pts for quality/friendly barkeeps.
Easily the busiest McDonald's I've ever been to however staff is fast and very friendly.
Delish,, less creamy than Pittsford Dairy in Rochester, NY but better, as it was easier to digest .
Who makes the best Nihari, Biryani and Bihari Kebobs in Toronto? It's Patna Kabob House.
Great atmosphere, service and food. Asparagus bruschetta and the bacon wrapped dates are delish!
Wonderful massage therapist, highly skilled, and very professional.i highly recommend Manny.
Awesome service! And in less than they said worth the time to check it out!  Thanks marisol!
Great bar good pull pork sandwich great drinks party atmosphere waitresses in chaps are very nice
DSW is one of my favorite places to buy shoes. They have a wide variety at discounted prices.
Great burrito bowl! The extra brisket was good but tiny. Would def come again   The music is 13/10
Frank is  the best, gave a great deep tissue massage. Thank you! I will be coming back again
Great food and even better service! Very nice atmosphere. Definitely recommend. Big oyster selection
The food is awesome, portions are big you definitely can split a meal. I will be back
Seriously one of my favs in town but waited uber long for a hot sandwich that came out cold? Wth?
Going for a wedding this weekend. I hope that I have the same experience!!!! Update soon!!!
Lets just say it didnt go as anticipated.
The lady that answers the phone is rude. And btw, they no longer accept spay/neuter pet vouchers.
Worst service, so slow! Ordered chicken wings asked multiple times & they NEVER came out.
The worst customer service in the industry. Nothing else to say ....
Wow! Good food, clean, server really friendly.  I love seafood , crab legs just my favorite.
Great food and the BEST service from Mya, our server. She made our experience so nice!
Good food, good prices. My only concern is they have got morons running the drive thru.  Yeesh.
Update.....no update. 15 days later and I still haven't received a refund. What horrible management!
Super fun place had huge beer pong and some grass furniture, we went on roller blading day
I had the vegetable wrap with added chicken.  There wasn't a lot of flavor and it was kind of soggy.
Blake is amazing ! Absolutely painless ! Makes you so comfortable and very knowledgeable
We are visiting Cleveland for the weekend and this place is fantastic.  I would highly recommend.
This place wax horrible!! Sunday afternoon, not busy, service was horrible and food was horrible.
Very good fresh fish!! I am very picky because I'm from San Diego but I really liked this place
Splendide hotel, les chambres sont magnifiques et le rapport qualite / prix est vraiment top !
Great Kailua pork. Garlic shrimp was just like I had in Hawaii. We will definitely go back.
Pretty good cashew chicken. Not too much sauce which is good. Average egg roll s and crab Rangoon.
Excellent service and awesome food!! Love the new look!!! And Allie and Reese are the BEST !!
Food 7/10, service 4/10 slow very slow, ok atmosphere. There is defiantly room for improvement.
These guys are studs.  Great work, attitude, and price.  Keep it up and I'll be a customer for life.
Close to home but not exactly like Argyle. It's a tradeoff. Happy with what I ordered.
coming from California (Los Angeles area)....this place is LEGIT.  We go there on the regular.
Easy pick up, even cheaper than quoted, as AAA member got free car seat.
Yes Derek T here's my email , evacosfol@gmail.com I can't post my number from my previous complaint
Excellent pizza, clean establishment, friendly staff, fabulous salads all at a great price.
Yeah they're hot they can dance but afterwards for the pictures the guys were total dicks.
Very disappointing. Not what I consider authentic New York style pizza. Crust and sauce just ok.
I was swimming in the pool and somebody threw a blunt off the balcony into the pool.. Disgusting
Best service ever! Amazing food, complementary apps bread and lemoncello. Great ambience
They have special discounts on wings on Wednesday. Not the best, but good for a grad student! :)
good food, garbage service like any other low end chinese cuisines
Got a sparkly pedi and almond acrylic pink and white ombr  mani. Loved the place and loved the work
.created erronoisly wbile trying to revise the 5-star review no longer even deserved.
Very professional, quick, and friendly service. Good price. I'm happy! Thank you Ahmad.
Been with One Nevada for 4 years now. I really enjoy banking here.
I ordered the green Chile chicken enchiladas an they were delicious! Can't wait to go back!
This is the best lamb shank I've had in 20 years, thanks Mo!
Assuming this is the same as Carnival? Good food, good service! Never fails to satisfy my tummy!
Well once again... Yardbird has made my day. The food is as good in Vegas as it is in Miami.
Kathy is the best. She does consistent gorgeous blonde and is warm and professional. Best in town!
Loved the Etouffee. Can't wait for the crayfish to come into season.  Yum!!!
Perfectly synchronized!!! Always fun to watch when in Vegas!!!! Can't wait to be back!
Michael was an amazing server!!! Sad to see the crushed velvet cocktail go, but always excellent!!!
Just like any other jack in a box. Ehh food drive thru has been fast. No real complaints.
Always busy, always a full parking lot. Be prepared to hoof it.  Great selection, friendly staff.
Fast food asian. Not great, but probably a step up from panda. Eh
Good for for a bar and great service.  We came in from Pittsburgh and were pleasantly surprised...
Had the laulau plate tonight and it was amazing. Great local staff as well. Will be back.
Great burgers, excellent price
Loved this place clean and there restaurant the grand lux was so good and not that pricey
Drinks are horrible and expensive here. Find another bar.  Don't waste your time here.
Can this place get an order correct the 1st time? I think not!
Busy breakfast spot with large portions, friendly staff and a low cal menu as well. Great I-10 stop.
Good food good atmosphere and great service. I only wish they had more food on the HH menu.
I really like this place. The staff is very friendly. The food is also good and not expensive.
Wonderful family restaurant!  Four generations of my family have loved Los Olivos for over 50 years.
Wonderful food and drinks. Completly family run authentic mexican with super generous portions.
Jack is the best!  Alway has my case of Omission in the house quickly......great price as well!
Never was a big fan.  Still not.  Service poor, food not great.  not that good either.
My doggie has never been more comfortable being groomed till meeting Lori  Fun clean place
Two words: Greek Fries! Unbelievable! And the rest of the menu is equally as good. Highly recommend.
Really good steak and nice server!
Best chinese food ever! General Tso's, Sesame, and House special lo mien are all favorites!
Very. Very. Fun. place to check out. such a little gem in Pittsburgh
Nice little Irish Pub! If only their beer selection was larger!
Over priced poor food quality and the margaritas were terrible for 6 bucks! Don't waste ur money!
Love the selection of beers except half of them are not available! #fail #updateyourmenu
This place is as French as Paris, Texas. Please go to Quiznos or the sushi place instead.
One of my favorite locations ever. People are very kind and never fail to disappoint me!
Overrated, just like your Sun Devils.  A large stadium full of bandwagon fans.
Tried to go during pride.  They close at 3am but wouldn't let people in after 2. Ridiculous.
Had a great haircut.  Price is about average.  Not a very long wait.  Typical old style barber ship.
Tastes ok but doesn't worth the price.I don't recommend the wagyu beef.
This is a great local restaurant with great food and fun cocktails.
Nice place and super happy with my full set and pedicure! I think I found my go to spot!
Great food in a quaint atmosphere.  You have to try their Chicken Katsu... on of the best around.
Great service. Cheerful staff. Steak burger was good. Hawaiian concrete was So tasty. Large booths.
This McDonald's is bomb as hell. Food was hot and fresh and the staff spoke English fluently.
Delicious food. Large serving. Mason jars for drinks. Good service. Decent variety on menu.
Taco Monday is where it's at! Also, get the Brussels sprouts nachos, so unique and delicious.
This place is the best!!!! So helpful and very painless. Both Kayila and JD were so wonderful!!!
Soft-serve rhubarb frozen yogurt. I feel this all I need to say. Go.
Fantastic experience here. Great eye exam and a nice selection of frames.
Love the outside patio!! Great chips and salsa!!
I've been coming here for months. Decently priced and they really take their time with the massages.
Waste of time, staff was very unprepared and not helpful. If I could give zero stars I would.
They add $3 to every purchase just because they're inside the Golden Nugget. Not cool.
La comida estaba buen simo me quedo lleno y con ganas de comer m s me e canta le m sica y la gente.
Food okay.  Bad service!!!  Not worth the money.  We will never go back.
Great food and customer service. Nick is always friendly and remembers returning customers.
The best gelato I've ever had.  Non artificial flavours & a great price!
Fun and Delicious. Another fantastic restraunt not in Goodyear.
I had their black sesame ice cream...delicious...I love black sesame...so asian of me.
Great food, Sao Paulo roll was amazing! Try the dishes suggested by the waiter, they are awesome.
The big wac is always a great go to! The meal is incomplete without a delicious Nami!
Pra Ram is outstanding, best peanut sauce around.
Totally a place to relax an chill.  Food...hookah...music...just a great to relax from a long day!!!
Great restaurant!! Copy and paste this link to read my full review... goo.gl/TwPjE
The place is dirty with a sticky floor & the food sucks. I wouldn't visit this place ever again
one of the best bagles in montreal. Smells so good and my favorite is seasome and poppy seed
Love this place. Carrot cake is my favorite. I get so mad when I don't get my carrot cake cupcakes
Amazing food , spot on staff and great ambience! This place is a must go while in Phoenix!
Polite and friendly service. Delicious pour overs and baking. Spacious and comfortable.
Toujours bon   chaque visite, serveur attentionn  et grosses portions. Un peu cher par contre
Great Coffee-Fast Service! Try an Iced Toddy and Blue Berry Muffin.
Super clean and friendly. Falafel is excellent. Seems to be a bit of a hidden gem.
Great food and vibe. Excellent spot for lunch and dinner.
Amazing and fresh as always and everybody already knows that. PINK LEMONADE IS AMAZING!!!!!!
Was it the best?  No. But was it great for the price? Hell yeah!! We will stay there again.
Very expensive tourist trap. The food is pure crap.
Beautiful atmosphere. Great access. Food is great and consistent. A locals favorite.
Fixed my red bottoms right on up! And they were ready the day after I dropped them off! Unheard of!
Great service, great actitud, really profesional , and cheap, this guys are really good
Thanks, Nathan, for making what started out as a nasty day, MUCH better!!  We'll be back!
Idk why but the place did not serve fries and also there were no milkshakes only electronics
Nice. Clean. Pretty much always busy, as it's the only gas station for a few miles around.
Stopped in to get their NEW Chicken Sandwich.  Never again! see photo of what I got.
Garage pizza.  The ultimate yinzer experience.  I visit every time I am home:)
Amateur night is the time to go. Great talent. Okay drinks.
Soooo yummy! The food here is so great and the poke is the best I've had in Las Vegas!
Open 24 hours. Much less crowded than Wal-Mart but a little more expensive.
Not even worth one star! Wasted money last nite on special $1 tacos. My dog couldn't even eat them
all I can say is OMG I NEED one of these in CA OC HB ... SO BADLY!! It was so amazingly delicious.!!
This place screams college days. Cheap drinks, beer, old school video games & pool tables. Enjoy!
Pretty good sushi for being in the desert. Staff were friendly and outgoing! Will def come back.
Fun bar went for karaoke toy train travels throughout bar great fish fry fun family place
Ok. Food, great bar ambience. Sea Ray Food was fresh, cooked right..would definitely try again
Good greasy pizza great for munchies, meatball sub was fire....
Taylor Moran is untrustworthy, dishonest and a fake. Go elsewhere.
Its a tiny lil place, aint it? But their pizza hit the spot! Chicken wings...meh.
Got a haircut from Edgar today! Looks great and recommendable experience! Will definitely come back
I've missed eating gyros, the biscuits and gravy with coconut bacon was mouth watering.
Love the pizza and the wings haven't tried anything else yet but I sure will ever soon
Fun place for dinner and drinks
Always good food and friendly staff.   But steamped dumplings on our last visit was a little dry.
Great bartenders, great priced drinks and the best karoake DJ on Thursdays known to man.
Super easy to work with. Quick turn around. So happy with the design. Exactly as agreed upon!
The Dublin Lawyer and Ribeye steak were phenomenal. The atmosphere is classy and tasteful.
Awesome place. Great service. Food is really good, had a flat bread BBQ pizza, wow. I will be back
Excellent service as usual from Duwan tonight!! Nice clean place.. the food and service is great!
The best!   Delicious steak as good as it gets.
This is the worst doctor's office in Scottsdale.  Look for a new doctor stat!
Very pricey when not on happy hour. Nothing special about this place. Service could be improved.
Just placed an order through the Jamba app...I love the convenience of the app & ordering pick up!
If you have any questions regarding Social Security disability benefits, this is the place for you.
I waited for about 5 minutes and no one talked with me or served me. So i walked out.
Christina is amazing! She made sure I was taken care of and was extremely nice.
This price overall is good. But way too slow to serve. They charge $2.25 for additional toasts
Absolutely delicious!  Big portions, nice staff & they deliver!  The Buffalo Soldier is to die for!
Great service and food. You can make your own. Options are awesome
Awesome spot. My favorite place to chill out each time I visit the Phoenix Metro Area.
Hit or miss. The service is ok, but the food can be pretty bad.
Blush is awesome. It's clean and really nice inside. Megan is super talented! I love my hair!
The new name for this business is Synergy Physical Therapy.  New name, same great caring staff.
Favorite Place in Vegas for tacos!! My goodness the best Chicharron tacos ever!!
This is the only workout I get excited for!  The staff is great and Alyssa is an awesome instructor!
Can't beat it for the price and is fun, too with the conveyor belt!
great service and mixologists! awesome presentation of various dishes
Absolutely love this place, I walk in and immediately have a shit eating grin!!!! \m/ \m/
Cool atmosphere, great service, yummy food!
Recently I've been to mandarin and here. And now I think here is far better than Mandarin
I found this place on Yelp. It's close to my house and the service is fast and friendly. Thanks!
Very tasty burgers. Friendly employees. I recommend tipping upon paying. Gotta enjoy the tip treat.
Good for buns. Forget the waffle ice cream.
How on earth can this place only have three stars when they make a five star cheesesteak?
One of my go to places for quick and good quality food. Excellent staff and dining area.
I really didn't enjoy the options of food during lunch. Greasy and nothing was really fresh
How can you discontinue your $6 burgers??? One local spot that is losing their charm.
I will have to go there four times this week to achieve my goal as duke of delasantos (hiccup)
not the best Dim Sum i ever had, if you have enough points at Gold Coast it might be worth it.
Great breakfast and service.  Also a nice quiet vibe as opposed to screaming kids at the buffet.
Amazing! Chef T outdoes himself every time. Ask for his recommendations. You won't be disappointed.
They do a nice job, and make a great sandwich.  Very friendly. They do charge for extra bacon.
We so love this place, the food, service, property, all of it has been top notch!
Great homemade food! Always love eating here! You get a lot of food for your money too!
99cent special on the musubis! Huge portions! Great prices! Awesome customer service!
Feels like Lucky Luciano could walk in anytime atmosphere.  Large excellent classic Italian entrees.
Delicious and fun environment in a great location. Very reasonably priced with great dessert.
allways go in the morning! order a drink get free breakfast.....  9-12
Great, fast enchiladas. It feels like the enchilada version of Chipotle. But less corporate!
The food is very good for the price. Its cheaper than both KFC and Popeyes but the quality is there!
No problems. Went smoothly
Love this place! Great staff, good food and plenty of fun! Not too mention it's great exercise!
Sheet pizza was Skimpy on the sauce and cheese. Each extra spoonful of sauce on side  $.30
They are super disgusting! Served 4 hour old Cajun Rice that was green and white mold
Always good place for food and a drink, no matter what night of the week it happens to be.
Good, quality food.  Friendly staff.  Bummed I missed the $ .99 margaritas.
Food was okay for a Buffett and the service was horrible
The best breakfast place in the east valley, not just chandler. Friendly staff amazing food.
Good service, really good food!  I highly recommend the chicken and waffles!
Wasn't what I expected. Ordered the gorditas and they were mediocre, however, not authentic.
Was a beautiful place great ambiance but drink and food took to long like 45 min long
Excellent fries and great burgers. Interior design of the restaurant was great as well.
Expensive for the food, bloody ceaser did not come with any alcohol and was served in an olive jar.
Consistently good Mexican food, fair prices and friendly staff. A go to spot for sure.
Cashier has really bad attitude, general Tao is way too sweet and portion is way too small.
Great service, affordable pricing. Don't hesitate calling this company for your electrical needs.
I've been here twice now and will definitely be going back.  Great food and friendly service.
Great time good food lots of fun make sure to try to Buffalo flatbread it's the best in Arizona
Fun place, great location and food is delicious.
DELICIOSO !!! recomendadisimo !!
Great service and clean place   best barbershop in town  i highly recommend it . mike hes the best
The best taco al'carbon I have ever had! Full of flavor! Yum! Must taste all of the salsas.
Nummy.  LOVE 5 guys. Best burgers. Fries are pretty good.
The Maserati omelet was to die for! The "hot" blueberry muffin as my wife said was "hot, hot, hot!!"
Great authentic Greek food in a casual setting..... Very fresh and flavorful.... Great gyros.
They deserve 10stars! Food is delicious!  Service is fantastic... Tina our server was Amazing!
Came by for dinner today and noticed that it's closed. Unclear if it is permanent or not.
Wish I could make this negative stars, fat boy at the second window wouldn't give me a hit and spicy
Mediocre. Stuff on top of potatoes.  Biscuits are decent, and homemade jam.  Good coffee.
Love this place. The new re-model looks great. Food is always spot on and service is great.
Great light crusted pizza  just like from Brooklyn.   They use homemade Mozarella.   Unbelievable!
Christina did an amazing job. I definitely will be back.perfection. very clean place.
Great attorney! Honest and fair. Don't bs around. Unique in his own way but totally worth it!!
Delicious food, beautiful ambiance & amazing service!  My new favorite Thai restaurant!  Amazing!
This place is super cool and hip. I love the patio and the food and service was good.
Good food, huge portions good price. Minus 1 star cause they close so early. Only open until 9pm.
Anthony and Jaime were fantastic and I appreciated the timely and friendly service. I'll be back!
Excellent en amoureux. Surprenant et raffin  avec un tr s tr s bon service !
Food is consistent; clams are cleaned very well, no sand particles; service is good...!
Barbacoa is Fantastic! cevichie/ cheese dip are wonderful! Everything I have tried is excellent!
Relaxing massage. Reasonable prices. 38 for the foot massage and they did some good work.
The building is old yet functional.  Good for choir rehearsals
Do yourself a favor & just don't do it.  Trust me.  That's all I'm willing to say about this place.
Delicious Pizza. Relaxed ambiance. Definitely recommend it.
Super YUMMY authentic Mexican food! Come here for the best customer service and amazing food.
Fantastic!! Food, atmosphere and service is always top notch. It's a treat just to get a reservation
The food was amazing. The lemonade was very unique and tasty. The staff was really friendly too.
Easy to navigate, and nearby lots of small restaurants and shops.  Located underground.
Patio is super nice for brunch.  Food is good, not great the ambiance trumps that.
Wow!! Great service, fantastic atmosphere. Love it! Got to bring my wife for a date night.
Great hot dog with amazing toppings. The pork belly is amazing!
Great option for mattresses! Loved the help we received! We found the perfect mattress!
The food is not as good as you might think. Pizza is dry.  Managers are not friendly.
We love Katie, the manager and the server, Shannon!! They are awesome and the mimosas as BOMB!!
tripas are the best on their menu
Every time I come here the food and service is excellent. Rack of lamb & prime rib are the best.
School is fine. Just be ready for an hour minimum wait if dealing with Financial Aid. Worst ever.
Lots of fun. Great bartenders. Quick seating.
Didn't like the food. The collard greens had a weird taste. The Mac and Cheese was soggy.
Had the Chef's special lunch salad, awesome. Our waitress was not great but not bad.
Super excited to find this place not far from the house! The Kolaches are to die for ;)
Great calzones and even better service. Very welcoming and friendly! Plus large portions.
Fantastic place.....but 2.50 for bread and 1 microscopic cube of butter? Stay classy Liverpool house
I love this place, i wouldn't call this real sushi, but its still really good!
Decent hotel in a decent location. Food and services nearby.  Solid road warrior hotel.
I love their turkey and provolone cold sub! Delicious with pickles added.
with so many more options now the pricing of this bubble t a place is too hogh
Right next to Ellis Island.  All the standard 7/11 stuff at all the normal 7/11 prices.
Good food big portions nice ambience
Best Mexican restaurant I've tried in Las Vegas. Great food, excellent customer service.
Amazing job repairing the bottom of my Louboutins. Highly recommend
This place has the best Thai food in town. I love the ambiance as well.
Place is very clean and I like the deals but customer service sucks. A lot of rude people.
The best gyro I ever had. Only place in Pittsburgh to get one from. The fries are good too!!
Excellent food, fresh and clean, as all good sushi should be. Reasonably priced, too.
Working with them
Overpriced, slow, and undercooked vegetables. The pasta was the only highlight. Good atmosphere.
Best white thai food in Toronto, it has good service too. No parking but it's worth it.
Very good workers. 4 pine trees very reasonable price. They sent a great team to to the job.
HERMOSO Hotel! Totalmente se los recomiendo todo muy limpio y las M quinas de jugar mi favorito!!
Great service!  Very friendly staff and well trained.   Good atmosphere with plenty of seating.
Great breakfast and lunch with all locally sourced food. Not a huge menu, but everything is great.
This place is great the pies are to die for. Staff friendly.  Will hit them at the holidays.
open 24 hours :)
Northern Italian style, went there with 2 friends and overall we enjoyed the food very much!!
Just the best. Once again, Greg got us great deals and made the trip relaxing.
Great service, unbeatable value, make sure your server pairs beers with your meal. Great experience
Everything was good just not great. Would I eat here again yup. Home made donuts are amazing.
Always been addicted to this place. Steak Tacos & tortas always good!
Excellent sushi here. It rivals some of the fancier uptown sushi restaurants. Always great.
Food was horrible. I regret taking my family out to eat here we were all disappointed.
Love the food at chandler location never had a bad meal. Great service always.. we will be back!!
Pho was good not the best I had.. owner or manager rude to busser in front of our table
Reasonably priced, great customer service and the atmosphere is so cute! Highly recommend!
Gave them another shot. This is now the only place we order from. Best pizza in Parma!
We sat upstairs with a view of the mountains. Service was amazing and the apps were great!
This place has awesome food and great craft beer and very friendly staff. Come see for yourself.
Wow! Came from QC and worth it in every way. Service, food and cost. Will definitely be going back
Great popcorn and an extremely friendly staff.  Seats are comfortable and the theatre is clean!
Service is a bit slow and if you're in a rush during the lunch hour I wouldn't suggest going there.
    YELP       ...
Cozy spot to grab beer and poutine on a rainy day.
Slowed in for another late dinner. Still find it odd that the  bar still doesn't carry amaretto.
So far everything I've tried is deliz...from a person that is vegan-ist, that's saying a lot.
Great little place with some of the best cold brew I've had in awhile. Will definitely be back.
Had the fixed price lunch.  Loved it!  Great tea selection and the front bar area is very cool.
They had everything for my intercooler. Tbolt clamps, hose, fittings. Great customer service too!
Good food. Good drinks. A little pricy. Chips and salsa were great.
Fries sucked at this location, I mean shit thats the only good thing at MCdonalds what the crap man!
Great taste,  not overly heavy, but crappy service and the coffee is terrible.
Excellent food! Had devil eggs, fried BLT, catch of the day and fried chicken muffin. All amazing!
Price is very responsible and the staff is very helpful and professional with the service .
Food was absolutely terrible. No one enjoyed it in my party. However service was pretty funny!!
Nails by Jo.  Decided to get French shellac this time.  Very pleased with the results
Carnitas burrito was good. Nachos a-ok. Tater tots a-ok. My stomach doesn't like the beef tacos.
Christina is amazing she did my Easter nails perfectly!!!! Love all the girls!!!!!!
When you are craving Chinese food, Sichuan Hot Pot brings you authentic Sichuan cuisine and hot pot.
Fantastic wraps and sandwiches. Great great food and very clean place. Wonderful service
Totally Enjoyable. Not Cheap, But most items make sense Entrees are the best value
Not my scene but if you're into old arcade games and cheap booze, this is your place.
One of my favorites, beautiful outdoor nightclub experience ..cabanas a must if you got a group.
Reminds me of the coffee shops in Tokyo. Legit and Authentic. Great coffee great pastry.
Awesome Chirashi bowl. Great, attentive service. Purple rice is off putting at first but delicious.
Great pizza and pasta always friendly and crowded! Great value!!
Great surprise, nice ambience and good prices for great food. I recommend the fried chicken.
Ohh the good ole days. Oskee!
Low quality buffet food. The breakfast buffet for 2 was about $80 :/ too expensive for what it was.
The truth. Girl at the front couldn't tell me how the vanilla was for some reason though.
Great place staff very friendly and did an amazing job on my owl tattoo. Cassie is an amazing artist
Quick, inexpensive pizza...consistent quality. Good for the money!
Good news... They've added fish sauce. And their spicy beef noodle soup is the bomb.
Excellent musician!  Slower night but drinks were good and server was awesome and friendly.
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G chicken bowl w black beans & brown rice. So healthy and flavorful.  Great  value.
Wonderful food and great service!  Really enjoy going to the Black Bear Diner!
Gross aber langweilig...die Auswahl ist im Vergleich zu Shops in der Heimat eher entt uschend
Good chinese food in the middle of the dessert. Didn't see the dim sum.
Love, love, love this place!  Clean, fast and super friendly!  Customer service is superb!!!
Amazing...... Everyone should come here! Shaggy Dog, Haru Popper & baked Scallop are to DIE for
Ohhhhhhhh never again. Just keep on keeping on. You're welcome. Never had a good experience here.
Yeah I had just moved to Glendale, AZ at the Arroyo Vista apartments. Your service was sh*t.
Best pineapple buns in the downtown core!  For only 80 cents, you have nothing to lose.
nice folks and took good care of my dog.
Chicken Tacos are my FAV. So DELISH that I crave these tacos!!!
Great place! Love the happy hour menu too. The braised pork is great for breakfast or dinner
Swarovski rhinestones in many colors. Heat set and regular flat back. Knowledgeable staff.
Chicago pizza is freaking bomb!! Wings was ok.
Roy's Deli is located inside the chevron and I promise their sandwiches are worth stopping by!
Worst service ever. Don't know the menu and takes forever. Go to Popeyes down the road.
Have been going here for years not the best mall but it has come a long way!
Frank is an amazing mechanic. He's honest hardworking and keeps to his word. Definitely recommend?
Good food all the time, every time...friendly wait staff....Old down town flavor of Arizona....
Great fun pizzas. Good wine. Would give 5 stars if service was better to ask about a second glass!
Great surprise. Friendly, attentive and food a great value.
The barbers like to talk shit, but that is a good thing in my eyes. Makes the process run smooth.
Such good food and the owner is really funny. Recommend this spot for anyone! 5 stars
New place with the best hookah , customer service is beyond great.
This is a chill Starbucks, great relaxed environment that caters to a diverse population of people.
An egg on a hot dog, and some tots with amazing dippin sauces, make me one very, very, happy girl.
Simply Amazing! I really enjoyed this place. The staff was very pleasant and the food was delicious.
This room is over priced over a hundred dollars a night with bed bugs and your short on staff
Love the drinks. Always friendly service! The only coffee chain I go to willingly and with no shame!
Best spa in town. What ever you need to relax or look your best...they have it!
Good customer service. The Luchesci team helped us throughout the whole process. I recommend them.
Service was great and we were able to sit by the fire.   Food was good, especially the creme brulee.
Definitely make reservations!  My fav is beef koobideh and the tea   xoxo M.
Shrimp Ravioli was wonderful.  Can't wait to go back. Kaleigh was a very attentive waitress.
Good pizza and good customer service@good price. I Like this Papa John's. I Recommend
 
Hilarious.  Great slight of hand magic and he is very funny and great magician.
Its a dollar tree                v.      Vv.    Vvvvv. Vbb.   B. Bb.  B. Reviews too short
Get the Tuna Tower then top it with fresh wasabi. Mmmmmmmmhmm!
Had an early dinner with a friend here. Food was very good. We sampled several dishes.
Great staff. Excellent collection of bikes and to top it off wonderful service. Best shop in Vegas!
Best buffet in town and great service. love the ambiance.
Expensive and they taste awful. They look nice but don't waste your money
Excellent , fast service. Ran by really good people.
They only have like a couple good items on their menu and the rest is pretty much trash
Quality work, prompt and fast service. Clean and friendly.
This place is great for going to watch a game. The bar food is tasty and the atmosphere is good.
Amazing customer service paired with a high quality product! Great location inside the Cosmopolitan
Excellent food, used the Tix4Dinner and received limitless beer and wine.  Had a great meal.
Thanks for the cascara latte! All the baristas here are awesome. This Starbucks is the Coolest.
This place is AMAZING!! Just go there!  But be early, they do sell out!  Such friendly people!!
Great Smokey flavor tender ribs brisket awesome as well
5 stars just aint enough.. where Champions become National Champions!
Great new and used equipment, very helpful staff! Not pushy or overbearing, highly recommend
Great location. Plenty of seating. Very courteous staff. The Ice-Blended drinks are awesome!
Food is delicious but service is always lacking. Your best bet is get it to go or cater your event.
the seats are awesome ..... great lil hide away for a date
I haven't been here for a few years, but I have had a few great experiences at this restaurant.
Best buffet, great food, warm service, lots of seafood...
Just grabbed a quick snack. The banana was good. Otherwise far from my favorite bakery
the new manager is a rude bartender and scaring people away
Have been going to this nail salon for years and they do a great job
This place! We had an amazing amazing experience here tonight. Overall, a good experience.
Wow hole in the wall spot but damn the food here is amazing !!! An Stevie was a doll !!!
This place is amazing!! Love the salsa! Just like our restaurant back home in New Mexico!!
This place has awesome decor. Great parking. Awesome staff. Mediocre food.
Great Place for Taco Tuesdays!! $2 tacos and they are fantastic
I'm in here weekly, and I have to say the Jacks Salad with Salmon is fabulous! My fav.
Easy peezy! Makes moving low stress
Best BBQ I have ever had! Fatty brisket and pulled pork were amazing!!
Great place for sushi at a fair price!
About to get the Chocolate Godiva it's hotter then lady GA Ga and looks bueatiful like the candy
Came for a birthday and to try their food. Loved the food. Everyone loved the tea and sugar cubes.
So good!! Meat tastes like the real thing too...
This is SUPER FUN! I highly recommend for all ages.
Very fresh, good service, food tasted great, kids enjoyed it too. definitely coming back!
Great food and atmosphere! The owners and the staff are very nice and filing. Love eating here!
This place was OK for lunch for a while.  Now when I eat here I get a gut ache.  No more for me.
By far the best tacos and gorditas. Hand made corn tortillas. Very clean. Great service.
6/1/14 Previous comments still stand.  One of the best managers around.  Keep up the good work!
Sweet and sour soup was yummy. But the pad Thai was disgusting. The curry did not have enough sauce.
I have got delivered to my home and has been awesome and on time they do a great job.
Great noodle and fried banana with mango shebert
Great place. The food is fantastic and you can find some good authentic Italian groceries.
Excellent food and very good customer service burger , philly stake and awesome pasta
Excellent food. Great service. Love the Phad Thai and fresh spring rolls!
Fast & Friendly.  He even came out on a Sunday!
Great pizza for takeout! The restaurant is fairly small so call ahead to place your order.
Excellent staff. Amazing service. Wonderful with children and nervous parents like me
Love their PAD THAI!!! Can't wait to try the other items...
Good food & service, but if you are really hungry expect to spend $100/pp
The food was vey good although, very mild even if you ask for hot. The service is not very good.
Great atmosphere- ask for Connor.  Unique Americana, good price car - skip the strip and come here.
Relaxing environment, friendly staff, Dr. D is dedicated to responsible healing. Yes, please!
Great value above the rest for quality and flavor.  The hamburgers are delicious and juicy.
Great Happy Hour  Chicken naan and tandoori wings were packed with flavor Chicken curry
Great comfort food -this isn't fancy and doesn't serve drinks but it's good food at a great price
Friendly service .Love this starbucks!  Green tea out of this world...been a customer for 10 years!
Slow, pricey and terrible coffee.  Slightly stronger, but similar taste to dish water.
Love this place! Great way to spice shit up if you have an adventurous girlfriend.
Great car wash! Food is really good inside however pretty pricey. Great place overall though.
Its awesome place to stay, relaxing and everything we needed they have it, recommended!!!!
This place is the best. The closest thing to a true Philly Cheese Steak that isn't in Philly.
My holy grail sushi place downtown. Friendly staff, GREAT AYCE variety. Love, love, love.
Best live entertainment I've ever experienced, period
This is my fav breakfast place on Mill avenue. High quality fresh food.
Kat was great! Didn't feel a thing... I would highly recommend and it is healing well!
Had the fried green tomato blt and shrimp and grits . 5 stars . The service was fantastic too
For being in Bellagio this place is horrible. I highly don't recommend this place.
The cauliflower tacos are A plus! Light, fresh, and tasty! Great atmosphere and awesome service!
Another wonderful experience at Hyde Park Beachwood. Food, Service, and ambience were perfect.
Won't come back. Lame service, lame food...let's just sum it: LAME.  The HH was cute though.
Horrible service on a Monday but the sushi saved the 30 min trip
Awesome, awesome, awesome show at any age. A must see. Love the glow in the dark act!
Great burgers! Great (hand-cut) chips! Nice tap beer selection. I'm a fan.
Had a massage by Brian, it was one of the best massages I've ever had, great flow and pressure.
An amazing restaurant, great staff and the Pineapple Fried Rice is definitely a favorite of mine.
This is the worst Mexican food I have ever had.  It was bland and greasy.   Don't go.
Place was awesome.  Bartender named Jeff shouldn't have been bartending. Awefulllll service.
Pork green chili, wedge salad and good beer. Place is new, clean and staff is super nice.
I hate this place more than ever. Their green goddess bowl is the biggest hot mess of crap.
Owner is a real nice friendly guy.  Pizza was fresh and crust was crunchy  This place is a gem
gross but they have a lcbo and freshco one star each! its a tear down!
Got my nails done there the other day, and they did an amazing job! Friendly ladies!
Service...good Food...good Prices...decent, mine were great though since I had a coupon from fb
First time visit at Sweet Nails.. Bella was very attentive and I love my nails.. thanks Bella
The place was filthy, service was terrible and average food was over priced.  I wont return.
Love this place!  Thanks for the FREE EV chargers!!! I now make WF's part of my new grocer routine.
a new family owned korean restaurant in arizona! I highly recommend spicy chicken, YUM
Great poutine, draft selection and meatballs!  A little pricey, but worth it.
Very professional and genuinely nice people. Would highly recommend to do your will and trust.
Was there for lunch last week.  Great service. Great food that is price reasonably.  Bravo!
Delicious, and such a friendly place. They even humored my terrible French. Merci bien!
Over priced candy, I don't get it.  The girls were very nice and helpful.
Very good food and was delivered fresh and hot. Was the perfect dinner when I did not want to cook.
+chia pudding -tables at outdoor dining area +beet burger
Spring rolls were tasty, house pad-thai was okay, quite watery.
Don't use this company. Bunch of thugs, bullies. Have no idea what they are doing.
Asian Pear Martini, it doesn't get better!  We love the hummus sampler, too!
I love it I win all the time especially at night its so much easier to hit great customer service
This is the most amazing brisket I've ever had!! The line is long but well worth the wait!
Tasty, fresh ramen bowls, but they all taste the same. Calamari was ok, but a bit dry.
Caprese Salad, Lucia and Adrianna were absolutely delicious!!! We will definitely be back!
The white pizza and the Gnocci are amazing! Great customer service. Sit outside if weather permits.
Great little hardware store! Doesn't hurt that all the guys that work there are super hot, either!
Loved it. . Jenga game is super creative!   Great vibe and atmosphere.   Highly recommended!
Excellent Thai food! Great friendly service and truly authentic Thai food. Loved every bitr
Small portions, average food with terrible acoustics, felt like everyone was yelling in a cave.
Just wow...I'm a beer snob and they don't have a beer I don't like. Food selection is great too!
Good best pastrami in town just like home los Angeles i have only had pastrami and chili cheese frys
Gel manicure by JJ was spectacluar.  JJ is efficient, friendly, and very professional job.  Love it!
Great X-Box Gaming Consoles and selection of current and past issues of Marvel and DC!
Bon rapport qualit  prix. Tr s bon poulet au beurre. Le midi, le service est rapide et de qualit .
this review is for their coffee shop.  One of the best kitchens in town.  Always a great meal.
Great pizza at an even better price. Salad was very fresh and pizza was delicious. Great experience.
Fantastic breakfast with a Southwest flare! Their banana nut muffins are bomb! A definite must see!
Quite tasty, very good service. Their Romanian specialties are delightful!
Great breakfast - eggs, protein pancakes, skillets.... Great service too! Will definitely be back!!
Best Smoked wings by far I have ever had in my life ...  Great selection of beer ...
Gian Carlo was very professional & we saw results the next day. Very happy with the service.
Wonderful cadillac margaritas, bean dip, and shredded beef taquitos! Ask for the super spicy salsa.
Unique and delicious.  Cool atmosphere.  Exceptional service.  Maybe the best sushi I've ever had.
Poke is ono. This is a great place to get your poke fix. Aloha
worst ever. stay away. their brokers will find you the worst insurance company out there.
Westside location has better food. (off of Odana)
my sons love sushi. it's our second time to be here. the food r okay but the portion is too small.
Excellent environment and a place that we will go back to often. Glad you're in Gilbert.
How hot you ask? HUHOT. Huhot is the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Had lamb Rogan josh with garlic naan bread. Pretty delicious. Got takeout was ready in ten minutes.
It's a bit pricey but SO GOOD! I think it's my favourite fish and chips ever.
This gallery is absolutely stunning. Seriously some of the most beautiful art I've ever seen.
Shitty ffin people I came to give my friend her I.D and they won't even let us in again
Food was okay. Very simple steakhouse. Has remnants of a Chicago steakhouse!
Great food/service.  Sarah and Stefaney (sp?) were very polite and the food was great as usual.
Great hookah amazing customer service my favorite hookah bar in Las Vegas definitely coming back
Great little place to grab a quick meal. The chicken kabob plate is fantastic.
Amazing lasagna with terrific atmosphere.
We like the food and ambience here but they've only gotten our orders right half the time.
Great and safe place to park your vehicle. Good pickup and drop off service
Love this little place    The  quesadillas are off the chain. The Steak&Blue is my Fav
Friendly and fast service. Everything I have had on the menu was wonderful.
Neat and clean location. First time at this location ... as usual Starbucks is always good ..
This is the best place anywhere for breakfast burritos! & they are super cheap too! It's a win win!
Excellent food and service.  Can't go wrong with spaghetti o's as a topping. Fun for kids too!
Get the seafood bouillabaisse. Lots of seafood in a flavorful broth served with pesto bread.
applied in March and still have not received.  was told "lost in the mail".   would not refund
Great customer service, great product, and great turnaround time.
Food is amazing here!!  Pop tarts are a must!! The deserts are all great and service is wonderful
Finally an authentic Mediterranean food in town  amazing food amazing service to say the least
ate there last night.  selection was poor and the unlimited wine was putrid.   would not return.
This is the best free attraction they have in Las Vegas!
Great friendly service. Bagel sandwiches are good and never burned. Love the bagel clusters!!
Yummy! Hits the spot every time! Their maple donuts are my favorite! Love how it's so close to home.
This place is a dump! It's a truckstop what do u expect? Nasty drivers and low class people.
Really good food and good service. Gets quite pricy if you order their famous dishes.
I love South 21! They have the best onion rings in town. Great quality food for a good price.
Great food! Good service and love the decor....  So cute! I'll be back for the Cajun Eggs Benedict!!
Beautiful venue  Great food  Excellent servers.  Very personable  Incredible evening.
Sooo goood . Jordan was an excellent bartender and mixed a mean cocktail. Five stars.
Nice friendly small place. Vegan options. Maccheesemaki is must try. Interesting texture.
Great service and knowledge, reasonably priced, communication excellent and responsive.
Great NY style pizza. Friendly service. BYOB although Rite Aid is right next door for beer and wine.
Not a review just a notice on product recalls currently on list. For your kind information.
Six Word Review: "As good as the old country."
Excellent vegan option with creative menu items that NEVER fail to satisfy... LOVELOVELOVE!!!
Awesomeness! Food=great! Try them sweet-tater fries!
Drinks were great.  Food was even better, homemade pastas and risotto were all delicious.
Everyone is cool and helpful, easy returns and exchanges. Best bike shop in GTA.
Love the sauce, corn, fries, everything I've tried!
I love this place. Such lovely wraps.  The soups are exquisite too. And very economical.
Classique, sans plus sauf peut- tre trop d'espace et pas suffisamment fr quent .
Sad world when you shame others bodies. No bueno don't give this dude a $ of your money.
My favorite pizza! All the toppings smothered in a lovely layer of cheese!
Found a cockroach in the bathroom.  Interesting white stains all over the hotel.
Friendly staff, clean store. The music wasn't so loud you couldn't hear. I would shop here again.
Great service and food. All of the employees are so nice. My bagel was toasted just right.
A perfect storm of Asian and Mexican flavors!!
Most knowledgable and caring doctors and staff.  I wouldn't trust my eyes to anyone else!
The experience is unique, and definitely good for special occasions. It's worth it!
Great Staff, Great coffee.  Great vegan baked goods.  Love this spot!
Antrim is the ONLY company that I'll let service my AC - trust and ethics are everything.
Great service and food. The Benedict had perfectly poached eggs and a nice crispy bun. I'll be back
The driver was fast!! Very helpful. He got me and my baby to my machanic safe!! Freddy was great!
Clean, courteous, helpful... Live this place and you don't need an appt!! What a plus!
Food was excellent.  The beef sautee was extremely tender and juicy.  Highly recommended.
Cheap, fast, and consistently delicious...definitely a regular stop for students in the area.
Long day here but they offer nice breakfast buffet, walking distance to Circus Circus and others
Bon et pas cher! Excellent pour aller manger entre amis(es) au d ner o  tard le soir.
Amazing beat the summer heat creations. Simple and elegant. Matcha is always a win of course.
I am a Hertz Gold member and the service that I received on my recent trip to Vegas was terrible.
Slow,  incorrect orders,  and the don't give your receipt - which makes disputes improbably long
Fantastic Pizza! Gluten free and dairy free finally found a place that has pizza I can eat.
The beef chow fun and salt and pepper shrimp are both really good. The customer service is good too
Worst place ever, got a cleaning and they bruised my lip. Roughest hygienist ever.
Food great, staff a bit rude
Really good service and the fajitas are great. Huge portions - you won't leave hungry!
Melissa was fantastic and we are very happy with the product and the service we received.
Nice restaurant with good waiters. Had fish and chips and loved it. The house salad was great!
Great thai food all the time. Perfect spice levels. Every dish I have had here has been really good.
Great place for steak and eggs, stepson loves it.
Absolutely the best service.  Esp joe carcionne.  Will only service my car at this location. Yeah!!
I was born in Philly and the cheese fries and the provolone cheesesteak was so good.
Good drinks, but the burger and appetizers were terrible.  Noisy and crowded too.
This is my favorite Turkish Restaurant, I love the combination starter and the stuffed eggplant.
Decent thin crust pizza. Overpriced for what you get, prolly because of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.
Good food, drinks, fast service, but cold staff. Ambience is good for a sports bar.
Service always seems kinda slow here but the food when it Arrives is fresh and tastes good.....
Place is a lost hope. Better make the whole thing an inside metropolis of bars and clubs.
Love Love...I see some bad reviews but I am sure it depends on what "procedure" you are getting!
Beer, Games, Music, Patio. Anytime I'm in DTLV I stop by always a good time.
Great customer service from Angela and I love there cup cakes. Local business kick butt!
Very good food, Great Wine list, very nice location
On par with Franklin's of Austin,TX. Brisket is regular or fatty. Nice!!!!. Fat melts in your mouth.
best poke in town, service is fast and friendly.. lots of flavors to choose from. Mean grinds !!!!
Great family show. He entertained the entire time. My grand kids love it.
Expensive gelato and not great flavours with meh taste. I've had way better gelato in Toronto.
Fun place to drink. So many things to do and they're tech friendly
Great happy hour deals, great margaritas, great service. Definitely could become my favorite.
Awesome patio, ambiance and service. Chef Carter and Brian are fantastic. Will be back.
this review will be quick and to the point!!  open 24hrs.   go hungry -- leave extremely full!!
Great atmosphere... FANTASTIC GREEN CHILE SOUP!!!!!! just like the one you find in Denver
The pizza here is the best and just keeps getting better. Great crust. Full of great ingredients.
Beautiful rooms with huge sunken tubs and a great staff.
Hands down without a doubt the best place for authentic Pho in Montreal. Get the #2
Best service and the best food ever, we're here every Thursday  P1 is good specially the soup
Great price for everything you get and no long lines. 34.99 buffet with unlimited beer and wine
drive thru, avoid going in there. i always get the Hawaiian Blizzard! yumo
The customer service is getting worse and worse. They don't take time to take care of you!
A very good concept in terms of the fusion. A relaxing atmosphere and very good food.
the worse customer service. kim was terriable
Class act...hardly ever behind schedule. The best $9800 I've spent. My son's teeth are perfect!
Vanilla Iced Latte, how great can my midday be?
Omg!  This is the most amazing donut shop ever!  So many yummy choices.  Friendly staff.
The best food but needs to stay open longer!
Love this salon!! Ross is the best!! My hair always looks amazing!!!
Decent pricing, food was very good.  Spicy chicken had a nice bite without being screaming hot
Just average food and average service and is priced just ok.    I would not go again.
Best Mexican food in Phoenix, everything was perfect. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
love this place! the food is great. service kinda slow but still great.
Did you know? Christina Aguilera used to get her hair done here.  OH YEAH?? I GUESS SHE DID.
Very nice sushi and service.
Great vibe ! Delicious  Pizza. Will be back often.
Kick ass BBQ!!! If you are in the Phoenix area this is a most eat! Brisket & pulled pork are fab!
Great place for all,affordable prices for cash patients, open Saturday can't beat that
Good Doc but probably the slowest in Phoenix. I wish they would speed it up.
A nice inexpensive place to get books, comics, and DVDs.
AMAZING!  So delicious and unique, very good menu and tastes great.
Great beer. Yummy food. Insane bacon popcorn. Seemed good for families in the early evening.
Best pizza EVER!  I will always recommend this place when people ask for the best pizza in Madison.
Everything is good everytime you go. A bit pricey at times, but plentiful and worth wvery bite.
Best CheeseBurgers in the East Valley !  Service by there employees is always above and beyond !
Great food! Pitas and gyros are very reasonably priced! Try the "Flaming Feta" appetizer.
Great delicious food, clean and tidy, nice environment, reasonably price, recommend strongly!
Love Cheesecake Factory food but a 2 hour wait on the weekend is too much!
When I need a protien fix I go here!  Mark CPT bestpapersonaltrainercom
Visited with a friend and environment was lovely.  The eggs looked tasty and were well prepared.
Very tight slots.  Pretty rude employees.  Buffet meh at best.  Stay on Strip or go to downtown LV.
Great Asian good. Good clean restaurant and great food for the price.
Just another casino bar with overpriced drinks.  Go gamble so you can drink for free.
Amazing hamburgers, wings and caesar salads!!! Great service to boot! ;)
Very nice healthy alternative to drive thru. Prices are fair and portions are generous.
Food was great! Location and ambiance is trendy. Sushi and ramen are delicous.
They always look out for the money team!! We appreciate you guys! Love their spicy hot sauce!
Salmon melt was horrible. Inedible. Oysters were pretty good. Tilapia was ok. Will not be back.
Queso fundido at the bar! Very tasty. They have Mezcal too.
Got sick from food. 1hour after I ate I spent about 2 hours in the restroom . Never going back.
Wasn't really impressed with what I ate.. I'd rather go to a Mexican place to get a quesadilla.
Wonderful meal and excellent service!  Kiara and Lisa took great care of us.
Favorite Sushi in Charlotte! Affordable and great service
Excellent breakfast. Food was good and atmosphere even better  can't say enough about sever Bo.
Amazing. Try the guacamole and the butter lettuce shrimp salad.  Great vibe, even better food
Great service, seated us right away. Food delicious especially the coffee cake! Would visit again
Best food, best service, best value of all the Mexican restaurants in Vegas. Oh so good!!
Gorgeous location, great food, decent service
Food was good and service is always great, I love the sweet and spicy roll, it's awesome!!!
See update.
Great food, but not so good service.   They clearly cater to new Yorkers and regulars
Excellent hibachi
Great Japanese and Sushi!  Must try... the short rib and the crispy pata! Beautiful decor
Burger wasn't the best got it for free today. However the chicken club was really good
Fair price, professional, on time, and great workmanship.  Will hire them again no problem.
One of the best good food in Vegas best Nihari and chicken Karahi and daal....try if u r in Vegas
great pizza, love it, both locations here are both high level of food and atmoshere
Great buffet. Good price. Go there once a week. Sushi id good. And they added poki bowl
Really good thai food for a great price!! Speedy delivery.
not a bad seat in the Joint..perfect Home of The Lady Rebels!!
Overpriced items both in the store and on the menu compared to other kosher places in the area.
Good menu choices, friendly staff, clean restaurant, but the food is just okay at best.
Celebrated a party with 16 people and the food and service both were amazing.
The food and service were ok.  The location is run down, and the restrooms were dirty.
Wings are awesome! Big Wac tastes just like a Big Mac!
Cool place to grab a bite to eat and a drink. Good food and portions. They also have a groupon!!
 ^ ^  
Great place to spend my birthday dinner. The food was tasty and so plentiful they had roll us out.
This place is just a mess. My friend booked this place.  What a mistake.
Tr s bon. Plats bien ex cut s et personnel Professionnel et tr s sympa.  Bon choix de menu.
Love this bar. All the bartenders are amazing. The food is delicious. Great specials.
It's a Krispy creme what else can I say? Donuts could be fresher but there was a great selection, so
Excellent wine selection at unbelievable prices. Wish I lived here. Would frequently come in!!
This location is now permanently closed. I will miss bicycling here for happy hour appetizers.
Ordered again and as usual the food was excellent delivered hot and we had enough for another day.
I love coming here, they have a huge selection of colors and everyone is always so nice!
Best breakfast around. Gotta try the chipotle breakfast burrito and farmers Benedict!
Good food, but service was slow. Overall a big improvement from the previous Molson restaurant.
Nice attendants, reasonable prices, awesome atmosphere!
Mediocre food, rude staff, and still expensive. Skip this buffet. There are plenty of other options.
we allways order for delivery and it always good Great job!
This place is amazing, love that they servers take care of you and the kanfeh. Sooo good
You really can't go wrong with any types of alterations at Studio Kim  That's all I need to say
The hotel is old but clean, good bed, lots of hot water, nice staff, definitely stay again
Good selection of shops, clean facilities but I am sad that the Dickies store closed.
Man this place has good frozen yogurt and the toppings are even better! You can't go wrong here.
Great bbq - would recommend to anyone wanting a cheap meal. Hosted me and my 3 friends!
Conveniently located, fairly priced and good quality haircuts and beard trims, overall a great place
It was okay, very clean, nice atmosphere but the food itself was a little disappointing.
I have been coming here for 20+ years. Always great bloody Mary's and consistent food. Enjoy!
Why are you not making a statement regarding tonight's cancellation? Super disappointing.
Best coffee place in all of Sun Prairie and maybe even Wisconsin.
A great salon with an awesome atmosphere. Staff is always friendly and welcoming!
We have been to other chiropractors in the area and prefer and LOVE!!! Ahwatukee Life Center!
Only called this company in hopes they could help me with my doggie door needs - one word - RUDE!
Best pizza in CLE! Cheap & by the slice!
Will edit review later. Paige rocks!
Five stars for the excellent food and service. Love the music and ambiance. Will be back!
Excellent pastries and service! Love the staff. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
Stopped by this bar on the way to Rivea. Bartender was friendly but drinks were overpriced.
Came here for happy hour on a Saturday night and loved it! Great live music and spacious venue!
Great bar...awesome drinks!!! Great music!!! Merderith and Candy were really nice. Cool place!!!
Thank you Nick J.  Very helpful and answer all my questions!!!    Martha Miranda Pesqueira.
Nojoke every single thing on the menu is BOMB.  Drinks are great, ambiance A+ we had a great time.
Friendly staff, charming decor, and delicious food.
good late night asian food, nice staff. a little overpriced
Chipotle is the BEST healthy fast food! This location is nice with a large patio with easy parking.
Edwin does great work! I've taken a few dresses to him and they always look and fit great
This is my favorite place for coffee and breakfast/lunch. Fresh. Original. Amazing chef and staff.
Luis and his crew laid 2500 square feet of Tifway sod and repaired our sprinkler system. Great job.
The best tacos ever! Full of flavor and meat! Definitely my favorite place to get my tacos from
Food was GREAT.     Service was GREAT.      Place was spotlessly clean.      Ill be back often !!!
Not the best, not the worst. I usually just get their pepperoni pizza and its fine.
Great place to chill and hang out. The food is always delicious and the prices are reasonable.
Great prices,great food and top shelf service. Can't ask for much more. I will going again soon.
Decent food menu, friendly staff, and big screens everywhere.
Our local go to restaurant! Clean, good service and easy to find something that everyone likes.
I received an email from the director of operations and everything was rectified in a timely manner.
Put some peanut butter on my hot dog and I'm a happy man!!!
Great service and menu! Good for kids or couples. So many cheesecakes to choose from. Delicious!
Service and food were amazing! These guys are the real deal. Will definitely be returning!
Food is amazing.. closest to California Ramen I have been able to find!
Chino my Chino.  I simply love the food here. Try it, you will like it!
Awesome burgers, onions rings and fat tire draft beer!  10% local discount and free fries with beer!
Best breakfast ever.  Not really.  Rojo Chili de la Casa is fantastic.  Eat some now.
Excellent barbers. Usually quick service. Just nice people. Luke and Andy are the best.
The seating here is terrible but they do a great job at getting people their food very quickly!
Their beer-braised pork shank is great, but be prepared for a huge portion!
Great relaxing place in Fish Creek Park. Tasty coffee and delicious ice cream!
Another great meal. I'm working my way through the menu so I may need a new wardrobe.   LOL
I love this place. I recommend you to get Iraqi kabab. Then you can enjoy double apple hookah .
Une des meilleures p tisserie dans le quartier chinois! Toujours frais et   petit prix!
I love the workers at this location. Always friendly and helpful!!!   Pita Jungle is delish!
Consistently great! Vegetarians, ask for a burrito with BOTH soyrizo AND Poblano and potatoes. OMG!
Great attention to detail. At Arrow you just feel like you're good hands.
Not too quick with breakfast food so be prepared.
Unbelievable salad selection- fresh and made to order! 2nd time here in 3 days! Great lunch stop!
Slow but fun....just don't expect to eat or drink fast .....
Great chicken wings and mei fun!!!! Reasonable prices always hot and fresh when I leave there
Very nice place to meet up, plenty to do, and entertain eachother.
One of our go to spots everytime we are in Vegas!!! Love the atmosphere the food and drinks!!!
I have had nothing but great experiences here.  Dru and Nickie are great.  I highly recommend them!!
Amazing hospitality and delicious food!   Ps. The tempura vegetables are to die for!!
Wow amazing Thai food! Fresh, cooked to order and outstanding service. Absolutely will visit again.
Excellent bar, little nice bar with great music! Place to meet ppl and talk and chat with others!
A Perfectly Overpriced Breakfast in Las Vegas!  I will go hear everytime I am in Las Vegas.
Horrible. Food was clearly frozen before and was served cold with no taste. Will not be going back.
Very cute chalkboard work for all the menu, and the food there are awesome.  Highly recommend it.
Great food and nice decor. My favorite is the chicken souflaki. I definitely recommend eating here!
Very cool architectural salvage store.  I can never just leave this place without buying something.
Great location, clean and safe.  Sherri in the front office is very helpful and very nice.
Soy Double chocolate frapp without whip and drizzle is super yum here. Can't go wrong.
This is a hidden gem in Mississauga. Awesome Malaysian breakfast place! A must visit.
Close to work and convenient.  Clean and well maintained.  Good Circle K.
Good coffe and amazing muffins. Great place to sit down and relax.
ummmm.... the baconator might be the best fast food burger ever made.
Helpful, knowledgeable staff and gorgeous store.
Good food terrible atmosphere! You have to go outside if you want to have a conversation!
Butter chicken and chicken biryani were really good, the chicken kebab plate however was terrible.
Donna always does a great job! She's friendly, quick and efficient.
Great supplement store. Amazingly helpful employees and owner. Not to mention great prices.
This place always delivers.  Solid food, solid service, great atmosphere.
My taste buds would be lost without this place. The closest I can get to my Japanese ramen meals.
Good pizza.   Online ordering never seems to work out right. Order is never ready at pickup time.
We tried the prime rib tonight. Very Yummy.
I love the American Asian fusion of the choices here. Adds a nice twist to familiar flavors
Love this Home Depot. Basically live there. Great people, especially in plumbing and hardware!
Always a great experience. Sushi is creamy, crunchy, and delicious. Can't wait to go again!
Wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. We went due to all the hype and was very disappointed.
Update - There is a "for lease" sign on the building. It's safe to say they closed.
Super fire ,never disappoints me monster burgers and shrimp ..I can eat here everyday...
Wonderful different blends of coffee, nice atmosphere, good neighborhood and tasty food.
The pizza is awesome! They also have gluten-free options, including dessert from a nearby bakery.
Terrible.  Way overpriced, worse than it's nearby competitors in every measurable way.
We've worked with Tate and Jason and they were both great!
Fairly priced, great quality food, nice staff, cool interior decor. Does a mean steak
Absolutely  gorgeous facility. Golf course was well maintained. Great view of the surrounding area.
Slow and rude service at a dirty restaurant.
Awesome, better than SoCal & what a great view & vibe
This place was great, had a beer battered fish dinner, very good, little pricey but worth the drive.
By far my favorite hotel in Vegas. The rooms are huge and very clean.
The staff is always super friendly and very informative
Food was great, lovedddd the butcher platter and the drinks were awesome! will definitely be back!
Best vegetarian food in Cleveland. With local & organic ingredients and with love.
Very nice location but food was awful.  Had a chicken salad yuck.  Service stunk big time!
Tasty and wonderful! Had a rib plate... as a take out order. Corn muffin was yummy.
Slooooow service. 20 min just to get a water. Food was mediocre at best and over priced.
Great service and clean establishment!
Food not so great but oh man the drinks are the best in town!!!
They keep good hours and they get them boo boo stains out ya drawls.  #church
Good value for your money.  Friendly staff.  Prompt service.  Definitely worth returning to.
Great service and food. The oysters are fresh and king crab legs never failed us.
Love the margaritas here. Going to try the steak fajita I heard that they our great here.
Great service, inventive drinks, and ample amount of food. Loved the $1 an oyster from 3 to 6 pm.
Love this place! Foot is great. I usually get the California Surfing Burrito which is huge.
Lol I used to work here it was fun.. customer service sucks... cute stuff.. crappy quality but cute
Great atmosphere and greater food!   Much needed off-strip sophisticated dining by Eastern & 215.
L'essayer c'est l'adopter!
Please re-open soon. Today I was reduced to going to Hooters for wings. It was terrible.
This place is ok. If you decide to try it, get the buffalo chicken pizza. It's really good.
Love the donuts, but the Apple Fritters have captured my heart!
Best pho I've ever tasted. So clean and generous portions. Highly recommended. Friendly staff.
I think they are ok. I mean it's good breakfast, but they are pricy for average breakfast.
Love, love, love this place...Sa always does an amazing job!!! Definitely recommended it.
best free show on the strip can't beat that and it changes all the time.
Loved the atmosphere and they had a great selection of draft beers. But the food was just okay.
The Greek cuisine is simply amazing. Fish couldn't tats better in La. Cheers & salute ;)
Good food, a nice atmosphere, good prices, and our server (Omar) was great. Definitely recommend.
Loved the chicken nacho app! My bartender Stephanie was awesome! Made us great drinks!!!
Tr s dur d'avoir du service en fran ais de la part des "sympathiques" employ s   cette succursale.
Good food and good service. I will go back. Their thai fried rice was deliciousness!
I love the eggplant parmesan sandwich.  My favorite and close to my office.
Delivery was pretty quick.   Got the pork gyro, fries and antipasto salad.  Thought they were good.
Soooo good! And you have plenty of leftovers and they still taste as yummy. Quick service too.
The best sushi buffet anywhere! Get there early or wait in line.  Stay late. Enjoy! Great place.
Brett's is by far the best I live in San tan valley but they are the only garage I trust!!!!
Delicious wings but felt cheated. Half of the wings was chopped off for the sake of representation
Great food! With me coming from IL, this has been 1 of very few that has really satisfied my pallet!
Food is always very tasty. Beans and rice are great. Excellent traditional food.
Nicole and her team are amazing.  My son has progressed 2 grade levels in less than six months.
Best sub shop in the burbs. Brijesh does a great job. I don't know why anyone eats subway anymore.
My favorite place for boba tea in the valley! Good prices, taste great and quick service.
I love this place patty is funny and amazing #favorite you can even meet the owners lol
The food is good, but managing the waiting list is done very poorly. It's not worth it.
Efficient, friendly, quick, awesome work.  Will go back if I need any repairs on my glasses.
Absolutely fantastic beef soup....and the sauce for the potstickers....wow!
Yellowtail taquitos with yuzu foam. You won't regret it. So good!   Service a bit slow though.
Very limited vegetarian dishes. Service was friendly.
Awesome people, great prices for covered parking and frequent pick ups at all terminals!
Very good BBQ, but a little overpriced compared to other places with similar quality.
Poor service. Food was nothing special. I don't plan on going back.
Great food and friendly staff! Love eating here don't feel as guilty even though it is fast food lol
My favorite sushi place hands down. I love the all you can eat, it has a very large selection. YUM!!
Closed today July  30, 2016 by order of the Ministry of Health. Yikes!!! Must be health violations.
Great food and service. Leah was right on top of everything without being a pest or hovering.
This place is very professional and clean, great car wash best one in Vegas!!  Matthew
.
Was ok, service was fast, quality of espresso wasnt the best but overall ok,
Wonderful clinic ... The vet and staff is so informative and caring... Highly recommended
Service when you sit down at bat should not take 10 plus minutes to order.  Hire more help.
the best place ever.   will extend the life of your shoes for a low cost
Very good prices, decent pizza and Italian.  Would try again.
Italian Herbs & Cheese Bread    Chicken Breast   Bacon    Southwest Sauce    #SomethingToTalkAbout
First rate motel experience.  Great staff and I highly  recommend it.
Bland, boring, basic..... definitely not impressed.  prefer Roberto's and Habenero's,
Britany is an angel, excellent service. Great patio, great vibes.  chips and salsa are always good
Shady AF but some of the best Chinese food I've ever had anywhere (San Fran included)
I order pork fried rice pork lo main and chicken and vegetables the food is very good !!!
It beautiful here, it the perfect spot to eat good food while taking alot of pictures.
Service was awful and sushi was just so so.  I prefer Social House in Crystals.  Won't be back.
What can I say....I LOVE the clothes/shoe/etc. selection and pricing at Ross!
Roaches! Sat at our table at noon on a Saturday and saw a gigantic roach on our table. No thanks!
Fastest delivery! Consistently hot, fast and fresh food!
love it .  5 starts all the way!  always feel like im at home
Cute little place with good sandwiches! Had the 10 for 20 deal and it was definitely worth it!
Best bbq wings ever! The Mac and Cheese balls are also real good :) can't wait to go again.
Delicious sauce selection! Great menu selection a do would love to try the tequila flight
Banana Cream Pie...........Need I say more?
Tr s cher pour ce qu'il y a dans l'assiette -menu tres d cevant  et le service un peu exp ditif
Whoa this place is bad.  Dirty plates, cold bun, no napkins, tables were dirty.   Go somewhere else.
Very cute shop. Very friendly staff.... loved all the peddle cars on display.
Great BBQ. They serve during lunch time and until the meat runs out. Very friendly staff.
Amazing hummus, pita and feta. My favorite was the spanakopita. AMAZING!
Fantastic intro workshop. I really enjoyed my time and can't wait to go back to learn more!
Car paint still looks great, and I love not having any dents in my car.
The chef has changed and the food has gone down hill and the prices are more expensive!  Too bad!!
This place is true to its name. It really does serve the kind of food one gets at a dhaba.
Im from San Diego we have the best food and mariscos but this is as close as it gets pretty good
The cashier is a BITCH The 18" inch sausage Special was thin and burnt, no cheese,all sauce.
great store! great staff! great product!  youll pay a little more tho....
Ask for Victor he is amazing! Honest and efficient. You won't regret buying your car from him!
Slow service with an ok variety of shoes. They have a rewards program for coupons and points.
Amazing staff awesome affordable service!! Highly recommend!!
Awesome spot to get some work done and enjoy a good espresso. One of my favorite caf s in the city.
I love the carne asada or the chicken nachos!  Great price and a whole lot of food!
Came for a haircut today after 6 months and I am so happy with the result!! Eisela is amazing!
Ask for the SUPER burrito its about two feet long and will fill up two hero's for sure.
Make the Uber Lyft pickup more convenient!!  Walking 2 miles past the taxi pickup ain't cool
Great lunch spot! Quick, tasty, clean, and affordable. Friendly staff. Cannot go wrong..
Great value, good massage, even got a ride back to the Strip following massage (for nominal fee).
Really tastey! Great portions. The owners are so welcoming. We will be going back.
I had the blackened tilapia  fish tacos and they were pretty good. Staff was friendly.
Very rude staff, very poor service.   I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Great crust and super friendly employees delivering an outstanding customer experience.
Sweetbreads! Yum.
One of my favorite restaurants in Summerlin. The food is always consistent. Highly recommend!
The brisket sandwich is amazing, and the house sauce is some of the tastiest I've ever had.
Food is good, on the expensive side and now a days i feel like there are much better vegan places
Fixed a broken switch on my mobile device without a hitch. Was ready when they said it would.
Pizza, plates of pasta and wings oh and for desert their famous pizza cookie. The food was amazing!!
Great service we will be back as a matter of fact I am going home and get the car and coming back
Meat Science Laboratory stole their name from the sign hanging above my bedroom doorway.
Yup, when all fails, go to JJs ...I always order big joe #4
Old fashion feeling with a good vibe. Everything looks amazing and the prices reasonable
Ask for Dustin. He was a PRO.   Would use for all Heating and Air Conditioning issues in future.
Incredibly delicious!!! Service was great and food was awesome. Will definitely come back!
Amazing food, great drink specials and when the Red headed bartender goes bra-less it's even better!
Love this place call for deals on some days! My son had a good time!! And every one need socks
Great food.amazing meatballs. Awesome portions for the price. Service left something to be desired
Great customer service. Affordable and well done alterations in a timely manner. Closed on Sunday's.
Great store the staff is friendly and energetic.  Dan the manager is very knowledgable and helpful.
Too bad they moved because they were a fixture of Kensington.  They have quite a bit of selection.
Shocked and sad about this news of Pat passing.  Does anybody know if the shop will remail open?
reviewed
Overrated. Took over 30 minutes to get fajitas. No desire to return
Always good! We love the chow mien. It's like Panda Express, but better.
Great atmosphere, great food and great prices. Love this place and there taco grandes!
Always good food. Normally good service. Plan on a short weight - normal 1/2 hour but worth it
Great quality at good prices. I was the only and first one to use a coupon. Elyse was awesome!
Townie Chic.    Weird on Saturday but likely better other nights.  Best served with a few drinks.
Love the ice cream... We know it's not Blue Bell, but it's close
Crappy club... But an amazing restaurant! Great Happy Hours for food and drinks! Recommended!
The food good, the service was great. Definitely worth experiencing
Great service from the bar. Ordered an app to go. Will be back again for a full lunch or dinner.
Definitely a big meal within a tiny place. Best friend for hangover.
Food was great...you must try the cornbread.
Simply amazing. Worth the cost. Soundtrack was incredible and performance was unreal.
I don't want to come again ! garbage sushi raman 
Cheap and easy! Got my extra 20 cents off because of my frys VIP what's not to love about that!
Alejandro great waiter and very attentive and good company. Explained all of the dishes.
Nice menu. Typical dinner fare. Very good tuna melt. Large selection of pies. Better than a chain.
Shouldn't have taken out the self-checkout.  Now I spend more time in line than shopping.
I ate it all and forgot to take a picture but they have the best buffalo chicken sandwich.
Just food.  Nothing really tasty.  Some stuff tasted old.  For 30 bucks you can probably do better.
FUEGO CANTINA IS CLOSED  It's a shame, too - They had great food and drinks here. :-(
They have really friendly service & great prices. I love the crispy rice jalapeno salmon. Delicious
First Rate Customer Experience. Kristal Ball is incredibly helpful and kind.
1 Star because of putting me there waiting for 10mins with my hands waving ask for orders
They absolutely have the best carna asada fries in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!! Food is hot and fresh!!!
Great parillada! The meat was tender and tasty. I was glad to find yerba mate for sale, too.
A major improvement over what was here before.....but iPic is 100x better than this place.
They are pet friendly ....a very progressive store
Great pub food and a beer selection to rival beer bistro. Highly recommend and will go back again.
Bought a brand new 2015 epiphone 335, pick up selector barely works.
Still upset that current ad is never anywhere on line...losing customers over this.
One of the best DQs I've dined at. Fast and correct service. As good as a DQ can get!
Poor set up for bands. Not really a stage and difficult sitting in booths with your back to the band
Been coming here for years. Shawn is very good with color. He's the best. Highly recommended.
Friendly staff, very clean. Quick food and very good . I am always pleased with the food I get here.
Good food, great service and huge portion. Highly recommended
Love what these guys are doing! Can't beat a free ride!!
Looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed, forever apparently.
Insanely hot wasabi covered bar snacks.
Cara was an amazing server! Food & atmosphere were awesome and an overall great time!
Manzetti's was a great place,but it closed last year and a taco place is replacing it.
They were very nice on the phone & my order came in a timely manner. I recommend them.
Whether it's Sak  or sushi... This place is my favorite spot!!! Great food & even better staff!!!
Great banana split!  Alex is fantabulous!!! I went for family night out.  We had no left overs.
A great choice when out west! Great food, great service, wish they would expand further east!
Bar is not my favorite. Food is pretty good sometimes. Management is sub-par.
I love staying here. You can fit 30 people in 1 suite which makes that $10 a night. FTW!
I highly recommend this dental practice. Very timely, clean and kind. Also affordable.
I purchased a pecan pie for my son. The pies was at best 3 of 10. The customer service was 2 of 10.
This place is Swell. Great flower and amazing BOGO deals on wax!
Very good, a little pricey but the quality is there. Wish the staff provided more info.
Great atmosphere, large amount of good food, friendly staff, and multi-games at the bar!
the best mexican food around and the margaritas tast like you or in hawii awsome
Great food and drink spot. Can watch Pac-12 network and sports!  Excellent appetizers and wings too.
I have to eat at one of these burger joints when I'm on the west coast! It's simply the best!
Very good. I had the rd madness. It was a red curry sea food dish. Spicy but not over powering.
My husband and I had the pizza and hot wings tonight. They were the best we have ever had!
Not too bad, over priced of course but hey, late night craving for burrito, why not:)
Good food , just make sure you go early of you plan to go on a Friday night ! They get quite busy !
Such a great little gem of a sports bar! Food was good, the staff very friendly. We will be back!
great customer service. very nice restaurant. I would definitely go back. The bacon is AWESOME.
Not worth the 25 Min wait for a burger!  To add insult to injury they didn't get my order right
Love the orange chicken. It's a huge portion like no joke it can feed your whole family!
Dr. Paster is amazing!! Any time I have taken Charley in she is thorough, kind and informative.
Try the Juan Collins. It's a crisp tequila version of a Tom Collins.
This is the absolute worst company ever!!! I would runaway from this place immediately.
Love this place for a breeze in lunch and go.  the thom yum is amazing!
Neighbourhood haunt that is friendly with cold beer, lots of whisky and delicious food.
Amazing!  Must try the margaritas! The food and staff make you feel like your down south.
Great Place! Ton's of mini games to play! I would definitely go again!
Yinzer Ottolenghi. Rotating menu, everything's high quality.
Very good fries with 6 flavors to choose from. The giga combo cost $7.49 is not bad at all.
Great pasta, and a very good wine menu. The place is cool too :-)
 
Worst cupcakes ever! I'm not sure how someone would put out a cupcake that literally crumbles apart.
I love this place I drink here coffee everyday!   The stuff super nice and it always clean
Fantastic Carne asada they offer tacos wrapped in lettuce leaf instead of tortillas!! Delicious
Would not honor reservation prices. Payless is now off my list of places to rent a car from.
Stopped because of yelp and loved it! The pictures tell the story it did taste as good as it looks!
Slow delivery, over an hour. Tasted very similar to Domino's.
Dr.Ngo and his staff are outstanding and they know how to take care of their patients. Thanks S&L!
First time user. Rebecca is great! I felt really comfortable throughout and she did a great job!
The turkey crepe is made from deli meat... They didn't let us change our order. Disappointment
Fuego Pasta & Cubano hit the spot after a long afternoon in the city.  Give it a try... Delicious!
This place is awesome. Great service and even better food. Best bread and cinnamon butter out there!
Great place. Food was fresh, bartender was on top of it. What more can you ask for!?!
Excellent rapport qualit  / prix... Les + : Situ  id alement sur le strip            Le prix
Excellent food, even better service, and a beautiful ambiance.  We will definitely be back!
Amazing. Pastrami was hot and juicy. I ate the whole sandwich. Barely. You have to go here.
Thanks for the quick appointment and turnaround. Enjoyed the WIFI and friendly staff
Excellent Food!! Excellent service!!! What more can you ask for!! Great addition to the neighborhood
Salmon Sandwich, better known as Simit 1 is bangin'! Latte was awesome as well. Love the atmosphere.
Used the wash and fold service and they lost my two laundry bags and won't acknowledge it, just nod.
Was hoping to get a response from the owners. But nearly a year later, radio silence.
Second time around, just as much fun as the first. Great show for the price.
I really enjoyed this show . It's perfect for all ages . Super funny and entertaining . Worth it !
Tasty unique beers, a fantastic venue and a thriving atmosphere bustling with local drinkers.
Food was consistent with the other Oreganos in town. The staff was attentive. Parking was terrible.
So thrilled with my new look, Traci & Brittany are true artists!
Anthony is the best at nail art and Ariel is amazing at pedicures and nail art a must  do
Excellent pizza, menu isn't typical, I really like the beer selection.  Service is good.
Dropped the boys of here for a Sunday sesh. They come here quite a bit and really seem to enjoy it.
Vegan and Veggie selections. Organic Lenny Boy beer. That's 5 stars right off the bat! Cheers
Most awesome K-4 school on the planet.
One of my late night stop when I stay out in blue diamond area!
A must have whenever i visit Vegas. Double Double Animal Style and well done fries. Nuff said!!!
That is simply the Best Burger,  the Belfast.  Parred with a Guinness and it's Paradise.
The service was great and the food was excellent. We had the Canadian Pizza and the Amsterdam beer.
great food, high end, super fast service, well done food, awesome to have this option in vegas
Delicious pizza and salad. I loved the ambience and enjoyed the great service. I'll be back.
great experience. The spa was really clean and nice.
The Morning Glory Cafe is absolutely gorgeous.  The food portions filled me up halfway through.
Love the food at the hot table. Amazing assortment of baked goods. Incredible gelato!
Spare your tummy and skip this resturant.
Great first experience. Enjoyed everything I ordered.   Service was friendly and punctual.
Delicious ice cream, skip the waffle cones and cups. Other than that, everything was great!
Solid food, but the best thing is probably the horchata from the coke dispenser!
This place is quality.  More later. --------------------------------------------
An Amazing Tandoori chicken that I ever tasted in the Valley for just 2.99 dollars!!! A must try!!
Better than the chain restaurants. Friendly, clean and well priced. My kids love this place as well.
I don't know how they survive with the download competition but I am so glad they do.
Try their breakfast flatbread, with a fresh cup of strong Illy coffee. The perfect meal.
This is my goto spot for Thai food in Charlotte.  Fresh food and great team.  I highly recommend!!
My favorite place hands down!! Friendly, humourous, welcoming, honest! Won't go anywhere else!
Very good food, nice atmosphere, good service, and they even wear traditional ethnic "a-THAI-er"!
Decent selection and prices but not enough staff if you need help.
Best park in Vegas! I love climbing the hill with my kids.
Best happy hour in town. Went there one night during the week it was unexpectedly closed wth.
Lots of fun!!  Staff knows how to treat families.  Large portions. Great steaks!!
Love this place, great coffee and little bites. They have just opened in Southcentre Mall.
I had an amazing turkey avocado sandwich today. Definitely coming back.
Great service and pretty darn good food too. Perfect atmosphere for college football
Everyone is very friendly and the food is fresh and amazing.
The staff were all very nice and the buffet was laid out beautifully...
Amazing Food!  I wish it was closer to my home.
Get an extra shot in the drink. Totally worth it and does the job.
Great atmosphere and friendly service ... unique beer selection is a plus
Best burgers around. Vegetable soup just like grandmas.  Reasonably priced.  Servers are polite.
Awesome!!!!!   Always good.  love the PHO.    so fresh!   spring rolls are great too
Love this place, best sushi in Scottsdale as far as I'm concerned!
Their Reuben sandwich is still awesome!  Try Potosi's Tangerine IPA!!
This is the BEST vegan food I've ever had. In fact, it's the best food be had in general.
Good selection of fish. They do also have plenty of squid: frozen or fresh.
1st time there, food and service good.   Nice patio, music pleasant!   Would go back again!!
Nothing bad about this buffet!! The food and service is wonderful! I love the dessert isle
raven is such a big help! very knowledgeable and very approachable!  amazing customer service
best chinese style bbq pork I have ever tried rice is awesome
Food was just ok but service was horrible, in an hour span only able to get 1 drink before we left
It's just ok. Better than the family style restaurants, but not worthy of any more stars from me.
Excellent customer service from Glen. Will definitely be back soon. Always such great tasting food!
This is a cute cafe. The staff is friendly and the cafe is descent.
Amazing Food and the Arnold Palmers are out of this world!  Fresh Lemonade can not be beat!
This place was okay, I really like the creek salad.. it was good and they give you a good amount.
You want some popcorn?? How about gourmet Resee' Popcorn, oh yeah baby!!
Great food. Good service.whens the last time you treated your self to something nice.
CLOSED. Another one bites the dust. I am watching them take off the signage right now.
Food is good however, staff does not wear hair nets & their hair is flying all over the food.
Glad I found this place. Very neat and clean. Would highly recommend it. Dave was a great help.
Natasha is the greatest!!! Highly recommend her. Fantastic technique, very polite and professional.
The lunch bentos ($10-$14) are a lot of food for the money and yummy. Lots of choices.
Very huge beer selection, plenty of room, outdoor sidewalk seating, very good burgers and bbq .
interesting take on burgers...definitely recommended :-)
Great slightly upscale Mexican food. Loved the chips and salsa. Great tamales, and tacos.
Such a unique spot to go to. Tried a hot dog with peanut butter and it was awesome!
My new social spot! Love the drinks!
At first I did not care for their service but they persevered.
Highly recommend. Excellent service and very reasonable prices. Fixed my iPhone fast!!
NEW (delish) menu! NEW (& nicer) server uniforms! NEW vibe! I'm back in love with Olive & Ivy.
Awesome place. Unlimited assortment of various. Bagels. Little crowded, but crowded means good food
Very considerate staff, great with my senior dogs nail trims...would definitely recommend!
Much better than Pravda, er the Gazette.
Universitaires, musique des ann es 90, burger g n reux et frite Belge. Un classique!
Fantastic steaks cooked to perfection. Top notch service and atmosphere. Highly recommend.
So fun! Food was yummy! Staff did a great job explaining things and making me feel comfortable!
The butter chicken is not on the menu but you can order it and it's amazing! Appetizers are huge!
Pretty decent Hakka style Indian chinese food.
Hugo Boss here is not that good. It lacks many things especially accessories.
Got good deal on tires from Tony.   No frills but great service and product.  Tony knows tires....
Very nice atmosphere and the food is tasty.  The chef is very nice and the service is excellent.
JT was booooomb! Everyone there is so friendly and make it so easy to get through the check in.
I was very disappointed their food was very salt there crab legs were very small this place sucked
Awful! The dining area is filthy and the food is over-fried and tasteless.
It's tops on my list.... You can get 3 cents off a gallon of gas if you have a Sheetz card..
Yummy yummy YUMMY. Unique flavors. Great service. Excellent margaritas. It's a must try!
this place rules, plain and simple  just wish they had a cheaper jukebox
Very good Thai food. Over price and small portions.
Amazing variety and delicious food. Great place to take guests!
Fantastic. Beautiful. Gorgeoue suites. Need I say more.
Cool atmosphere and good food, too bad the help doesn't match up.
Amazing! Have basically all the food that Brazilian people like and in a fair price. Awsome stuff!
Clam chowder was best I've ever had- and that includes Boston and Seattle area chowder!
Great tasting cheese steaks. Better than Pat and Geno's in Philly. I will definitely be back
Best mexican food in the area
Delishhhhh  Identical to Tacos el Gordon only cleaner, Friendly, and English speaking!
My favorite Mexican restaurant. The food and service are always the best!!
Beautiful designed building and excellent food. Plus very pet friendly.
We always enjoy this place. Nice and quiet, great happy hour menu, great salads.
I like their hazelnut coffee, nice outdoor seating, ample parking.
We love mullens!!!!!!!  Great place for drinks and fun atmosphere!!
Good appetizers, drinks, and romantic ambiance!
Carne Asada supernachos, no beans!
Lots of office supplies.  Not sure about the prices, but I agree about the service.  Not very good.
Terrible service. Take your business elsewhere
Best cocktails of our 5 day stay in Vegas. Food excellent, even the young adult women loved it.
Wings r not very wild they are very dry.. I ordered salt and pepper and it is too salty
Amazing pizza, a little expensive but worth it, I had pepperoni and mushroom, awesome
Standing in line to get the best brisket in Phoenix....Little Miss BBQ. Ohhhh so worth the wait!
Friendly and very helpful. Was able to adjust me and get me moving again.
Perfect treat for walking on the Vegas strip, Great Drinks on a Hot Summer day!
Love this bar! Cool place. There's is no drug dealers or hustlers. Whatever you wanna call it
I didn't even make it to an appointment. The receptionist was extremely rude. I will go elsewhere
Came in for a pedicure and Ali was great ! Will definately be coming back to this place!
Located in a gas station.  Food was good.  Priced a bit higher then other Mexican fast food chains.
Rude bartender and waitresses. Made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome. Will not be going back.
We order pizza here often. We really love the thin crust pizza and cinnastix. Delivery is quick
Everyone should see this at least once in their life - pictures don't do it justice.
Wings are the best around these parts. And the loaded fries have the other restaurants beat!
Friendly, great service and frendly employee this place is awesome....
Upon a recent visit, Jajangmyun sauce was very limited. Wish they were more generous on the sauce.
Felt at home!!!  Great drinks and good food, and AWESOME music!
Good stuff! Big portions! Great service!
It's a Walmart everyday is a new journey. Hit or miss.
You can't go wrong for a great casual Thai meal, and you can walk in!
Awesome location, clean rooms and fast valet. I am a Hyatt loyal, but this is my spot in Cleveland.
Horrible food, restaurant in poor condition, bad smell in the air when you walk in the door
Good, inexpensive Tex-Mex food. Nothing really outstanding, but a fun place to go.
Great service! Goes above and beyond to work with you on money down and payments. Highly recommend!
Really good burgers, but I've had better for a cheaper price.
the fries are really good!
I love a sports bar that has healthy options!  Love the steamed brocolli and Salmon!
Excellent food and service
First time being here and absolutely loved it. A MUST TRY and SOTO the chef is amazing!!!!
I would skip this one folks.
Great food, fast service (thank you Brook) and nice atmosphere. Will definitely dine again.
This place has an unpretentious atmosphere with rather good food. The waitress was quite friendly.
Food is fantastic. Crispy! The French fries are the best. It's a bit pricey, but worth it.
Wish the pianist have a list he can play it would help in selecting music for open mic.
Really bad staff. No sense of urgency or customer service. Dirty bathrooms. Stay away.
visit today ~5:20....out of biscuits.  Wait 5 minutes?  It's always something with these people.
Great customer service, repairs in a timely manner.  A bit expensive, but you get what you pay for.
The prime burger, albeit overpriced was excellent.  Our service was very good too.
This place has amazing lunch specials  8.99 fresh hot and enough to feed two people! !!
Always delicious food, great service and I love that I can call in an order for pick up.
Good pizza and subs. Fast delivery and friendly service
Wonderful!! Great food and beautiful decor! Sky Asian Bistro is a great place for lunch or dinner.
We enjoyed our breakfast burrito's and French toast. Kids loved they had games. We will be back!
Sports bar ha!  Last call by 9:15 during a Pens game.  25 minute wait for a drink no never again
Amazing food! (ESP garlic knots)  Very friendly service & great pizza!!
Real authentic Chinese food. Been to many places in New York, this is one of the best!
Absolutely delicious! Don't miss the Navajo fry bread appetizer. This restaurant is a gem.
I'm new to the area and this is best chinese food I've had?! I will absolutely be back.
Freshly prepared food and good Indian  taste. U can pre-order and go there to save time if u want :)
Just stopped by.  Wow!  Cool place.  Try the Italian sub!!  Garlic knots are awesome.  We'll be back
Great service, friendly staff, highly recommended repair shop!
Pizza was good , but tiramisu was horrible  , me and my Roomie had food poisoning today .
Awesome! I live nearby and go often. It's a magical little place.
Best India food ever had in Canada it tastes like the real DHABA in India. Love this Place
Their food is delicious, but my favourite order here is the lavender hot chocolate!
Very professional and honest! Excited to be getting treatment that I'll be happy with down the road!
Oh man!  There meat is amazing!  The sauce superb.
Serious sound for the IMAX experience.  If only the place was kept clean.
Good coffee at excellent prices.  Steve is nice, ask him about the Economy when you stop by.
Super good. Street taco styles. The pastor was delicious in particular! Suggest trying it!
Healthy options.  I got a salad,it was huge and delicious.  Ill be back next time I visit that mall.
I love chipotle. This location is a little slower than most but the food is still delicious.
Poor food, long wait for service!!!! Stay away.
Pastrami sandwich outstanding in the burgers were great I recommend the pastrami sandwiches all day
Not your average chain pizza. Homemade, flavorful, delicious. I really enjoy Molly's!
This place is gross and ghetto. The staff is awful, the selection sucks, and the store is filthy.
This shop hooked my wife up.  Highly recommend this nail shop.  It's clean nice and modern shop .
A fun place to go in and get lost among precious musty books.
Great service. Very kind to the military individuals. Food was pretty good for a bar. Great vibe.
The food is great. I tried four burgers from their pre-set menu and they are all delicious.
Love it here, smells so good. Amazing chai and wonderful authentic african food as well
Filthiest hotel I have ever seen in my life. You would be better off sleeping in a trash can.
The bagels here are very yummy. Good idea to come check out in a lazy Sunday morning
Menchie's is a super delicious fun hot spot to get the best frozen yogurt anyway you like it.
Drinks good, chips and salsa good, happy hour decent, Taco Tuesday- Nope, find somewhere else.
Food is always great. We love the Beef Salad and Panang Curry. Very friendly atmosphere.
The food is great but the service is slow i have to wait around 10-15 min at least. Bad place.
Hunter was the best got me an awesome bike love it, he was really knowlegable and a nice petson
My new favourite weekend breakfast spot. Creative, delicious dishes, great coffee and great service!
There web-site goes to a Chinese clothing site, yeah that really needs to get fixed or changed.
Best steakhouse in Phoenix.  Great staff!!! Awesome atmosphere.  Steak and lobster is AMAZING!!
Great food, loved the sliders! Excellent, entertaining, and fun service! Clean and comfortable
Very happy we went with sunburst. Shutters look awesome! Highly recommend this company.
We love Carolina Cones. It's THE best local ice cream spot. It has a nostalgic feel inside and out.
I love the managers at this CVS!!! They are AWESOME!!!!!!!!
The service is crap ( although they try hard), the food is shoddy, and the wait is always long.
Absolutely love this store!! Big variety! Clean & oorganized!
Wing night Monday and Tuesday night. Good naked wings. Hot is just right..
I asked them to come out and work on a lock. Never showed up. Had to go with someone else.
This place used to be good with fair prices. I refuse to pay dinner prices for breakfast food.
Good poker room. The pocket aces cracked promotion is a lot of fun.
Great customer service!! James and Kirk are quick and reliable.  Recommended!
Good food. Great service. I go there every week for lunch and that 30 mins break make me happy
Cafe rio was such an amazing experience and I am very excited to see what they can make next
Great food. Great service. Best place to eat if you are in Scottsdale area. Food taste amazing.
Well executed food, nice restaurant design, efficient friendly service. Overall a good experience.
Had so much fun getting married here, great stuff and amazing atmosphere. Thank you guys!
Fun place! Lots of interesting folks wind up here. Haha
Captain Tall Tale is the best! He is so good with kids and loves entertaining kids of all ages!!
Great burger spot right outside the strip! If you have time this is a must for burger lovers.
Great hotel bar.  Good for people watching , or just waiting for your flight.
I will boil it down to just a few words...  You wont find a better used book store in Phoenix.
Love the lunch menu :) especially the sushi combo, it's surprisingly filling!
Dr. Chu is a great doc. Flexible and very kind. I have enjoyed his care. Sorry I'm moving away.
Bald little Kevin is a funny little shit... Made the time fun can't wait to come back!!!!
Awesome place and good food. Happy staff as well...if you haven't tried your missing out!
The gas pumps were all suddenly "broken" and they weren't doing anything to actively fix it. 1 star.
Breakfast menu small but food a notch above.
Best pizza ever. Get the Slap Yo Mama Lasagna Pizza. You won't be disappointed. Trust me.
Passing thru Hudson and came across this place. Great food, excellent service!  Highly recommend.
Love this place , great service, love Baja fish tacos  Love the margaritas!!! I will come back
Great little place in Phoenix. Went here for a morning walk. I like the mini-waterfall lol.
The place is so cute and perfect for girls day. Perfect for someone with diet restrictions.
Kool place to eat. Good steaks, beautiful waitresses!
Friendly service. Delicious food. I will b back very soon thanks
The Best/Honest/ Very fair price. Polite. If a Veteran say so! Call you will be glad!
Excellent bar service ever. Great place after a Coyotes game.
Perfect lunch spot. Simple, lots of options and quick service. Can't really go wrong here.
The best hookah in Pittsburgh ..... They are so friendly and the atmosphere over their Amazing......
Fast service, Great happy hour, get there early, it gets busy.  The wait is very much worth it.
Such a beautiful park! Green grass, very clean & very calm. Would definitely recommend.
Great authentic Barbeque....fun atmosphere and live music and Karaoke throughout the week!
The food sucks about as much as the wait staff... Do not go there unless you only plan on drinking.
came here on Monday to get gas. i needed a cup for water and they charged me 40 cents.
This tea shop is awesome I enjoy the strawberry matcha latte with or without boba it's refreshing!
Very slow service...don't go there to eat...pO Yu
Still the best hotdogs in town.  Super delish, tried new Gang Nam dog. Euro fries rock.
I always  stay here this place  is great deal .they are real nice very clean and neat
Great customer service. Pizza was ok. Needed more sauce, and was bland. Garlic knots were good.
Food was excellent. Service was great. Great ambience. Highly recommended.
Fast, fresh and fun!!! Burger was tastey, and the blueberry pie shake was top 4 all time shakes!!!
I really wish this company wouldn't litter my neighborhood with their lazy advertising methods.
Napa valley chicken salad sandwich, that's all you need to know! amazing!
I can't help it. I love their salsa and breakfast burritos.
Great food, big portions. Amazing atmosphere, a great place to bring a date. Highly recommended.
Prime rib is outrageous, ordered rare, very little fat, melt in your mourn goodness!!! Yeah!!
Avoid at all cost. Worst food ever and even worse service
Same as before, it's great!
I have nothing to say , very bad service and food ehh, I woulg not recomend this place to my friends
Red curry and spicy basil fried rice with salmon is delish. Service could be better though.
Excellent inexpensive place to work out in the neighborhood.it is basic but gets the job done
They have a great check-in offer! My group got pretzels with cheese and hot wings. 5-stars!!!
Been coming here for years. Wonderful and friendly staff, but Adam is the absolute best.
For a large chain expected more. Worse than  the sushi you get from Metro.
The best stand in the food court. You can tell by the line.
Good meat and potatoes place. Nothing fancy, but it does have a good local feel to it.
Amazing food and service just like in NYC. Can't wait till it opens in south Charlotte!
High ceilings. Well decorated. Coffee is ok.
Service was great along with Prime Rib and New York Strip!
Worse Chinese food that I've ever had. Very bland. Definitely not worth trying again.
Excellent work an affordable price.   They took my car right away and they finished on time. ll
Delicious burger,  killer fries,  decent prices!  This place is a winner in my books!
Love LensCrafters. This place is horrible. Crazy long waits. Everyone is incredibly rude.
The food is delicious, clean kitchen these people are experts when it comes to quality
Love the Mimo salad... Great servers, awesome patio, right on College St.
Very good. They provide excellent customer service.
An awesome Irish pub. Great bartender that keeps the party rolling. Nice beer selection.
Really nice place love it it feels like you are far away from downtown
you don't need to read 400+ reviews.  it's delicious.  now go eat ramen!
Not bad pies. A little rushed at times. Super friendly staff.
Excellent service at a fair price.  Kyle and team are the bomb!
The butter fish Service is great super friendly
Excellent quality and taste. Reminds me of Blue Star Donuts in Portland.
Cute place but not a good place to work. No wifi & no electric outlets for computer.
Good but my beef had a weird green sheen to it. Not sure if others have seen this before...
Got to the room and there was a random open bottle of water ....  Enough Said
One of the best middle eastern places ever. Pleasant staff and quick service.
Honest locksmith that charges a fair price and won't gouge you on-site.
amazing food! amazing drink menu! high $$ but definitely worth it!
This place is sweet! I love the old school feel in the place.
Love this place! The shaggy dog and the haru poppers are my favorite!! Always friendly wait staff!
Pretty delicious. Easy to find location and the service was good.
One of my favorite antique places! Can spend hours here! And I love that they have a cafe!!
Roti canai & Kung Pao tufu is my favorite here. Fast service. Never have to wait to be seated.
Amazing culinary experience !!!! Meats was amazing, I recommend the mushrooms and the kebab plate.
The service is great!!! Food so fresh and delicious, no complaints! I will definitely come again
The second time I used them. Just as efficient as the first time. Highly recommended.
The waiters here don't like their work very much, and they are very impatient with customers.
Food was amazing but the service was phenomenal. Great atmosphere, s per chique I loved it !
Ohhhh my gosh. Best cookies. Best service. Best girls. Love it all. They even have vegan options
Great food for a great price!  Lovely atmosphere - a true gem!
Ordered buffalo style (mild) amd when it came, the wings were drenched in I don't know what.
Good place for beer,burger and curly fries. They have $5 burger on Tuesday.
Authentic italian pizza - good place to bring your kids too.
Great food and service, reasonable prices, neat enviornment
Very slow. Even when it's not busy. We were waiting over an hour! Avoid.
booooring. but the guy bartending was funny. he had a big belly with taco tattooed on it.
Best pizza ever!!!
Highly overrated & overpriced. Did not enjoy anything about this place. Sorry I wasted my money.
I absolutely love love love this place. Eat here!!!  Super healthy and great friendly staff.
Great food great service from Cesar. The paiya was excellent.  Larry also did a great job.
Great steak kababs!  Pita & hummus are really good too!  Great quick dinner with good quality food!!
Food was good and creative but I felt like the prices were above where they should be.
Good food, good service at the front bar, typical hole in the wall in the back/outside.
Pretty good burger and fries. Very reasonable price. Better than the Luxor food.
Huge fan of Jakes. The Shrimp Po Boy is awesome!
Amazing homemade dumping and dishes! 5 stars for sure! we absolutely love Chou's kitchen!
Didn't even make it past the phone call. Rude and discourteous. Don't waste your time.
Friendly staff.  You come in and out -- FAST.  My "go to" place for my business shipping needs.
The service is awesome! Garlic balls are delicious and I will definitely be coming back for more
Good place to get a cheap bite to eat. Braised beef noodles are good
We always hit up this spot for our Malaysian food fix every time we are in Vegas.
First time here.   Nice place. Good mix of family and social time.  $40 bowling one hour.
Been eating at this location for about 10 years. Service had gotten really bad lately.
Great breakfast. Wonnnnnderfully sweet people. Their home made raspberry jam was to die for.
Love the the chicken bites, service is slow and borderline, but 9/!10 the food rocks!
Slow! Little old store, but have some outdoor seating.
Repaired my shoes in a timely manner. Owner Gary and Linda are very nice. Highly recommended.
Dirty, cheap ingredients, bad service most of the time.  How do they stay in business??!?!?
This place does it right. Simple menu. Freshest ingredients. Staff that cares. Highly recommended!
Great food, good prices, friendly staff. Always a pleasure to come to this restaurant.
The lasagna, for being a family recipe, leaves much to be desired.
Food cold eggs overdone plus it is expensive for breakfast. I would not recommend this place.
Friendly service. Helpful staff. Fresh tasteful healthy plates. Will become a regular if this place.
some of the best pho and the freedom of the menu to get exactly what you want
Food is hit or miss but definitely home cooking type food. Love the BBQ plate meal with 2 sides.
Great great great ambiance! But the food?....meh ...so disappointed with the happy hour food
Best boutique hotel in Las Vegas! Friendly staff beautiful  rooms and so close to the strip!
this place is over hyped. burgers are not bad but as great as some people claim.
Sad to say...Worst massage i ever had!!!  Dont come here people...waste of time and $$$....
The food is made fresh with good portions. I had the pork gyro and was pleased with the quality.
I send all of my guests there.  It is Pittsburgh, at its most authentic.  I love the Strip.
You will wait. You will wait for what seems like eons. It will be worth it.   EPIC CHEESY GOODNESS
Loved the food. The freshness of it. Great ambiance. Clean. Simplistic elegance....
They have nice workers. Peaceful atmosphere. Pretty good massage place.
Love this store! Cute stuff for the home at affordable prices! Also have jewelry and bags/wallets.
Adding to the social reinforcement.. this is the best BBQ I've had in Phoenix!
Good sushi and Kirin beer as usual.  Buzzing atmosphere!!
Two words: tomato soup. It's the most incredible liquid I have ever tasted in my life.
Amazing shrimp coctel   Fresh hot chips, best salsa Get the butterfly fried fish ooh yes!
Excellent Italian food ! Great wait staff, perfect hand made pasta ! Can't wait to try everything !
Just had a peach tart and it was good. Haven't been back to try any of the savoury pies.
Best pizza in Ahwatukee! Family owned. Great service.
Come with an empty stomach, the portions are huge and the service is awesome.
Best Happy Hour!!!  Half price drinks (except shots) and select appetizers.  Friendly staff.
Ahi tacos the best period. AJ the cook should be working  in a upscale dining  establishment
Food is blah, but atmosphere is stellar. Just stick with coffee and you'll be happy!
Awesome Roast Turkey and Grilled Cheese sandwiches.
I called, inquired, they responded, next day had my T-shirt! Good stuff here! Thanks BX Custom T's!
The squid salad is soooo delicious. Best I have had in a very long time.
One visit and never again. All they care about is making their sales goals and commission.
They have the best pancakes. I had the chocolate chip and banana flavor.  Service was wonderful!
Always have had good service at this location. Food has never been wrong or of poor quality.
Veery interesting place to visit!  Le Cafe is my favorite restaurant on the strip.
A keeper for breakfast or lunch! Casual, with great food and service.
Delicious food, great atmosphere. Try the salvatore pizza
ordered from the drivethru today, not so Fun when they for get to give you any sauce.
Came here for the first time for lunch. The bartender Nikka was very friendly and helpful.
The pile up is delicious and very filling! We received great service from Daniel, too!
Thank you Compassionate Assistance for all your help these past few weeks! Great staff!
Only government workers get away with this poor service, in the private sector they will be fired.
Food is always great and hot. I just hate waiting forever to be seated. But it's well worth it.
Love this place!  Great service and excellent food. I only wish they had more side orders.
I love this place... Its my home away from home. The teachers truly care about their yoga students.
Great diner breakfast.  Gets food quick.  Great price. Good burger for value price. great servcie.
oysters were good! but other food werent impressed at all, and pricy. Won't come again!!
I received an email from Thai K. thanking me for not returning.  There's professionalism for you.
The coffee drinks are good, decently priced and the service is fast, fast, fast!
did not stay here, but did explore inside and even did the gondola ride.
Nope .  Never again .   Food was mediocre.  Server was indifferent.   We were seated fast tho .
The food is good and the service even better. I work at an office nearby and they deliver fast.
Sucked. No one came to seat us. Waited over 5 minutes and left....and I'm starving dammit!
A hidden gem in Las Vegas. The food is sooo good!  The service is excellent. Price is reasonable.
Amazing vegetarian food! Great atmosphere! Nice people! Super affordable!  ABSOLUTELY LOVE ITTT!!!!
Great food service nice nice atmosphere great company! Yum!
This place is always fun! Music is so wonderful... Lots if talent! Drinks are always good.
Small. Just basic, not like the other Wal-Marts. Prefer the Elliot location for more variety.
We LOVE this place! Their pizza is great! Pick up special is amazing for last minute dinner.
Consistently amazing every time! Turkey bacon grilled with buffalo chicken soup is my go to.
Enjoyed my visit very much. Loved the muffin I ate and coffee. A large variety of donuts.
All around great Japanese food. Employees extremely nice. Will definitely be a regular here.
Great food and fast service. Make sure to bring your wine. You might expect some line ups.
Excellent Pho! My kids and I loved it. It was very fresh and the flavors were tight.
Best meat, chicken and salsas, every thing fresh. Nice place and very clean, love it!!!
Employees are nice and work pretty quickly to serve the thousands of cars in line. Love it!
Best chicken shawarma in Brampton. Owner is friendly and cool. They deserve all the accolades.
Really fast service 24/7 I come here a lot and always impressed with speed and friendliness.
Great first experience. Wanted to compare to Grandma's frybread and wasn't let down. Tasty!
I love this estate sales Very professional Lovely girl Very recommended.  Good prices!
Not such a good review right now. Seriously the music is so loud it is making my brain vibrate!!
decided to schedule a facial . annie did a wonderful job! may try it again!
Excellent gardineir. Pretty good brat and Italian beef.
My favorite mexican food place in Arizona! Big burritos,  delicious chili relleno burritos!
Best burgers in Westlake! This is my second time going and the burgers aee absolutely amazing.
Came here on Sunday for pickup.   Pros: - Nice ambiance   Cons: - Overpriced  - Sushi is average
Good food. Cheap. Plentiful. And less than $10 for chicken dinner.  Excellent.
Growing up in Vegas this was an ok buffet. Definitely one of the better ones though.
This place was pretty great the pool and jacuzzi were phenomenal. The room was nice and clean.
Best kababs in town especially the lamb we re very happy with the service too.
Food was good, but the service makes them stand apart from the rest! Great job Casanova Pizza!
Toasted almond cup cakes #Yummage
Beat body shop in town joe is the best!! He does a great job on matching exotic paint
AmaZing habanero margarita and food. Still dreaming about how rich the chile sauce was days later.
Ramsey was amazing.Did a great job.Would certainly recommend.
Great workout!!!! I highly recommend Intense Fitness groups. The instructor is amazing!
The food here is amazing. So flavorful and hearty portions! I've never had chicken so tender.
One of the better ones. Enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp. Not as good as the Cosmopolitian.
Great Italian deli....I love the hot sandwiches. Pizza is good too
******** superbowl : fail ********
I just wanted for fries!   Would recommend 10/10 though  Steak is to die for!  LAZY DOG IS COOL
Poor selection of food, decore old,  way to bright.
This bar ought to be shut down just for the bad time it provides
Place to go in Vegas.  Great Bloody Mary and burgers.  Ashley was fabulous, wonderful service.
Love the shakes!  Always stop by and grab one as a meal replacement or as a treat.
Great little patio and they do wine ratings every Friday and Saturday for $10 a person
This is a great place! We need a bay area chicken cafe!
The new office is awesome.....love the mural on the back wall. Everyone here is so nice.
Honest and friendly service as well as reasonable prices. Got a new water heater installed quickly.
Crunchie bar, zero bar, harbor, TAFFY!! Tis place is amazing.
La Shis KaBOMB !  Cheap...fresh....excellent flavors...nice people !!  Ya just cannot beat it !
Very nice remodel, brand new bar super clean and fully remodeled brand new tv sand a clean setting
Good Buffet!  Like the SeaFood Buffet at the  M Resort a lot better!
The best homemade ice cream!  And the staff is AWESOME!
I come here just for the fruit plates. Absolutely delicious! Oh and the coffee is AWESOME too!
Overrated. Dogs were small and overpriced. Also they used cheese whiz on the dogs.
Excellent massage and also a fun date spot where 2 can go at the same time!  Lee Li is the best!!
$12 for my 15 month old plus mom and dad... total no brainer!! This place is too much fun!
every style and almost every size available in 1 place.  Jack provided outstanding service.
we love this place! do yourself a favor and try the playboy roll.
Awesome. Great food. Something different. Love the chicken tiki masala
Took them forever  to prepare food even they got the order requested before getting there
Great deli sandwiches with gluten free options. Some of the best chili in town too. Always friendly!
Nice and generous portions, only tried the skewers this time but will come back and try other stuff
Tacos were pretty good. Drinks are really well done! Took my mom their for her birthday.
Best gluten free pizza ever!  Try it!
Jimmy is Awsome work done on time and a fair price would suggest earls for any repair
Amazing food and staff. Highly recommend this place for people seeking Indian / nepali food.
This place has awesome tacos! Everything scratch made from what I can see. Staff was very friendly.
Garbage. Pseudo Italian trash. Go elsewhere. Stale bread with low grade pomace oil to start ? Next.
One of my dive  fav spots in PHX. Big, clean, nice bartenders
100% best sushi restaurant in Cleveland,the sushi is very juicy and fried wuton is delicious
Cute design. Quick serve and delicious drinks. I would go back to try something else.
We had super nachos and horchata.  Can't complain.  Food and service was good.
Very comfortable, the staff is extremely friendly. I recommend this facility to all of my friends.
So great to have a quick good Thai place in Henderson. Were there almost once a week!!
Very relaxed and a great place to stop by for some good food.
This place is really awesome. Watch out Popeyes and kfc, there is a better chicken in town!!!
Albo's had quality food, open long hours a low delivery minimum, and a low delivery rate.
Great NY Style Pizza!  This Queens native makes it #1 in Charlotte.
They are only 7 miles straight shot down Pima and they don't deliver to my house. Stupid.
Love Town Tavern! Local bar with good consistent food. Great fish fry & great margaritas!
One of the best dentists I've ever experienced! Dr. Ron is amazing and his staff is great!
Definitely one my favorite breakfast/brunch places! Very quick and casual but the food is so good!
What gives?  Donated items at over inflated prices...wump....wump....
Friday, December 28.  Kitchen closed at 7:00 PM!  Why even open?
They have a great selection of high quality dog food. The employees are always friendly and helpful.
Quick and good quality food. This has become our go to pick up spot for low key nights. :-)
Good food, good quick service!  Steak tacos the best.  Chicken quesadillas also good.
They can make a non dairy smoothie with boba, I chose almond milk!
My friend told it was nice but expensive......so people should get more from them.....
Great customer service, smiling, helpful, attentive employees. Food was great, just a bit pricey.
Great help getting membership setup. Only $29 a month too. Good equipment and it's open 24/7.
Great ice cream with lots of original flavors. Waffle Cones are great and made onsite.
A lot of activities and fun place for families.
Great place to go watch a game and the food is very good. Wait staff friendly and professional
Ugh. Dirty. Long lines. Walked out without making purchase .
Simply put, This is the best Chinese-fare in the city.Served fast and hot by attentive Wait Staff.
All around an AMAZING experience ! The food , the service. True definition of customer service !
Delicious raw vegan food!!! In heaven!!!  Must try the sweet potato sushi roll.  It was wonderful.
Amazing customer service, Ms Dee made our potatoes and she was just so sweet and personable!
Menudo on Sunday
Get there early as there is usually a short wait. Food is great! Try the pizza or the sandwiches!
A great haircut for $20+tax, one of the best I've had considering the price.
Nice decor and ambience.  Fast service and friendly staff!  Good location and plenty of parking.
Store manager top notch! Tire repair completed quickly and professionally. Thank you!
Great food, selection, price. The unlimited beer/wine is great too.   Dont hesitate.
Bad service n poor work. Go to the Westlake one!
Traditional chinese hand-pulled noodles. The soup is really good! Great for quick lunch or dinner!
Food is overpriced and not tasty. They charge 6 dollars for juice which is almost price of a beer.
Food was excellent.  Service was good.  Will definitely be back.  Recommend the Windy City Fries.
First visit here! Customer 299 today! Excellent service and a very friendly crew!! Way to impress!
Fancy rooms with good temperature control and wifi.
Really great appetizers--the chicken coconut soup is really great here.
super chill spot. good place to catch up with friends and do homework.
soooooo good! great atmosphere and service! The $1 mimosas were a plus too on Saturday!!
'' '. En is kj kk in kj kk K.  M x. Da o se W  not o I'm x. is o o u xffcxxxx z oiw0ogen
Family owned & operated. Very competetive and knowledgeable. I recommend them highly
Fine place to check in after a Cubs spring training game.
Great food, good staff, awesome music, and fun ambience. Great value for money and local BBQ.
AutoZone employees are always so helpful!  Thanks, William for taking care of my wiper blades!
Very clean and friendly staff. I was happy to see they use the tub liners for pedicures.
friendly people... Great place to grocery shop!!!
Very good service.   Enjoyed the whitefish salad sandwich.  Bagels are fresh too.  Comfortable place
No line...quick service... ordered the bacon cheeseburger no ketchup... no line, quick good service
awesome new make over flourish restaurant is divine!
Too much hype. Waited 45 mins for cold food. Expensive and over packed. Not coming back.
Beautiful bar area but small. Get there early for happy hour! Shrimp San Remo is amazing!!
Great drinks good service, patio was a good scene, nice place to chill and meet beautiful people
Love it. Great beer and wine collection for fair price.
Not much to say. Came here after the club and I wasn't impressed at all. Luckily, I was hungry.
I usually only go here to get cups for my job.  They always have them available!
Delicious, quick, and reasonably priced.  Can't beat this place!
The wings are nice and meaty,delicious flavor a and u can sample and one of their sauces!
Food is great, friendly atmosphere but definitely needs improvement in the service department.
This place is not good.. The food makes my stomach hurt and have gas!!
Carry out orders can be difficult and service a bit slow but the food more than makes up for it.
This place is worth every penny! Definitely recommend for kids 5 and up and marvel adult fans!
Dr. Cool was on time, assessed the problem with the AC unit and resolved it quickly and efficiently.
Always fast at the drive up window. Order is always right and I love the holiday flavors.
Everytime I come here some "customer" is always running out this store with a unpaid item.
It was an okay egg sandwich. The line makes it appear fantastic.  Don't expect too much  just food.
Waiting 20 minutes to get one piece of wood cut in an empty store on a Friday afternoon.  Priceless!
I have 2 words for you: Fundido Sauce. That's all you need to know. Go forth and conquer.
My favorite for Thai food!  I have yet to find better.
Deeee-lish!!!! I could feel the passion the chef has for every dish. Great find. Highly recommend.
Awesome service! Will definitely be returning? He also honored the 20 buck yelp coupon!
Started going to this gym 2 years ago, best decision I've made! Aaron is a great trainer!
Yummy sandwiches but the toasted sammies take FOREVER.   Try the potato salad, it was great!
Good food and service. Nice atmosphere. Good for a chain restaurant.
Good service and great food! We enjoyed our breakfast and will be back!
Very interesting and admission is dirt cheap. Fun walk through NV history for the kids!
One of the coolest dinners you will ever go to... massive menu!  Get the nachos.
Enjoyed a great dinner and enjoyed awesome service!  Had the mahi mahi.  Also had sushi.
Good place to have an impromptu meeting with a few coworkers over appetizers!
Sunday funday was fantastic with Rich at the bar!!  Great hospitality!! Definitely will come back!!
It's pretty good. I'm pretty sure it is a knock-off of The Cheesecake Warehouse in the Seattle area.
Great Meal & Great Service. I see a family tradition starting(:
The enchiladas are unparalleled.  Quick and easy service with lots of options.  An upscale Chipotle.
This is my go to for clients that need cars, he is trustworthy and cares about his customers.
love this place, i would go here everyday for coffee and drinks if i could but i live too far.
Great service and great food. I had the burger and a Lynchburg lemonade. Everything was great.
I really have no comment.  I have hired Brad two times now.
Amazing sushi! Always very well prepared. Sunny roll is the best
Great Coffee, good kids drinks also. Great place to hang out and take a break while shopping at DTS.
Veronica serve us today and she is so nice and she is a good employee on this company
Loved the mojito sorbet paired with a scoop of passion fruit - perfecto
I love the classes!!! Michelle is very motivating and take a time to really reach technique!
This place is full of evil and grease...pure grease with some cheese and orange sugar....
Like eating at a friend's house.  If your friend happens to be a great chef and a charming host.
Casinos, meatmarket bars, strip clubs not really your thing?  This may be your Vegas destination.
Bland, not at all Chicago Pizza..
Love the lo mein! It was one of the best I ever had. The chicken wing is one of favorite
Food is great but don't be in a rush at lunch time to get back to work! Service a bit slow.
excellent steak and drinks and service. great place for a date.
It's closed. It doesn't exist anymore. I went all the way there to find that out
Shouldn't the name actually be park 'n eat? Maybe not, real choke and puck joint
Great place with great beer. I really like the Jalapeno one.
Trashy women rude waitress and crap food. Enjoy!
This store is awesome! Wish it had a car wash tho, hopefully soon!
Really great Buffet!! Good selection of foods. Quality is ridiculous!! Worth the wait.
Great massages, and its not just fluff, they can get into the muscles.
Just had the sweet corn soup. Omg. Yum!!!!! I will order that again next time I come here.
One of the best shows in Vegas.  Very entertaining laugh out loud comedy
Always great food. I've tried plenty of things and the service and food is always 5 stars!!!
Very nice owners, accommodating and makes you feel at home. The food on the other hand was ok.
Rude employees (Bob), balls are old, overpriced, gets too crowded.  Go somewhere else.
Great house margaritas and excellent guacamole!
Great hawaiian food. A little on the salty side, but that is pretty standard.
Best pedicures ever!! Splurge and get the paraffin wax treatment. So worth every penny!
Excellent chicken tikka!! We used to drive 20 minutes just to eat here.
Great authentic Korean place with fantastic food. The restaurant staff is very friendly.
For the price foods good...they deliver practically anywhere. They make the biggest pizza ever
Great service, awesome outdoor seating and the hookah flavors and selection were great
update:  Ive been back several times and now they get my order right every time.  Great job Bertha!
Great, job, fast service and reasonable rates. Thanks Jake!
This place smells like urine,and there pizza is lousy
Got the cowboy breakfast . Really good, tasty and worth it. Service was really good as well.
I drove 45 mins from North Las Vegas for a Green Chili cheese burger and I wasn't disappointed
Wondrous atmosphere to get a quick bite to eat- especially when the weather is nice in the evening.
If you are pinball fan, DO NOT MISS THIS!
Awesome place! They have games for all ages and spend real tasty drinks! Strongly suggest!!
Loved every moment.  Beautiful place,  exquisite service,  wonderful food. Couldn't ask for more.
Food was great and filling.. Rossy was very helpful and kind.. Will come back when I'm back in town
The shrimp and grits is to die for. Reasonably priced menu and never too loud or busy.
The bakery is sooooo good.  It's amazing, really.  The cashiers are always very friendly as well!
Not as good as Ballantyne location - biscuits too hard, don't give you enough egg on sandwich.
Great for Salads only  soup meh  dessert meh  fresh vegetables ,variety of greens perfect
I went with my husband and we loved everything there, specially the tostones! Sooo good!!!
Found a great deal for a mattress & boxspring!  Employee was very nice, not pushy & knowledgeable!
My favorite brunch place in Rock Hill! The wraps are always my go to! Super fresh and delicious!
Joe and Michelle are kick ass. Great shop well worth the wait. You won't be disappointed.
great high tea set and pretty good iced milk tea (ask for less sugar). great customer service ^^
I love trinity common, a really nice local spot with amazing customer service and GREAT beer.
The wait can be long if you dont make an appoinment, but overall good quality and friendly staff.
Quick, good price, free water. The service was great and everything was for 20 bucks.
Soooo yummy! We come here all the time and the food never disappoints!! Best fried chicken ever!!
Quick.. edible.. and i am sure I would try it again.. endless combinations.
Nothing spectacular. I think I've made better hot dogs at home..
Happy hour is the bomb! Food is really good! Have not tried the steak yet but will next time!
Helpful, friendly, attentive staff!  Quality bumper repair!    Thanks Ed! Christina!
Ordered a quesadilla and the flour tortilla was all burned! You have one job and you burn it.
Great tasting food.  Large portions.  Excellent staff.  Low price.
Request John. He's the best. Makes dancing feel like second nature
The info for store hours is not correct. M-Sa: close at 9 pm Su: closed at 8 pm
Amazing chicken salad and hummus.  I love getting them to go to keep in the fridge as snacks.
My favourite go-to pub in the city. Great, warm ambiance, fantastic service and superb pub grub.
Food was pretty good. Didn't quite meet the hype, but the hype was substantial. Definitely not bad.
Literally the best hot chocolate I have ever had!! Havent tried the food but the decor is fabulous
this place was great though it was cold out they had a ton of indoor houses with so much cool stuff.
Food is great! Service is definitely not, and beware of their "loyalty card", big SCAM!!!
5 stars for having a functioning Eight Ball Deluxe machine!
This place had great food and even better service. I'll be going back very soon.
Best dive bar in Pittsburgh, hands down!  Great  people, cheap drinks!
Had a killer experience getting my haircut from Dina!!! Great job! Come and get your hair cut!
Delicious coffee and donuts. I love the Blueberry cake and chocolate glazed best.
Worth wait long line! Best burger I ever had!! Also very nice staffs and large portion of the meal.
Excellent Selection and our Saleperson Micah was very helpful and knowledgable
Absolute crap, I do NOT recommend. Overpriced and ridiculous portions.
Absolutely love this place I would recommend Dr. Cheree to everyone. :)
Helpful and friendly, was in and out quickly, Arlene was competent and reassuring. Would return.
The same folks who own this PAS owned the PAS in Des Moines.  It is faaaaantastic.
Wow. And they deliver.   Awesome food.  Fries are the bomb and the wings are tasty. Way to go.
No comparison to the one in chandler. Less quality less selections and less everything.
One of the best magic shows on the strip. Marvelous & Fun.
The suites here are pretty incredible. They have an absolutely amazing view and furnished very nice.
Best Eye Doctor in town!! Everyone's reviews are right on!! Thanks Doctor P! See you next year. :-)
Went for brunch and everything was delicious especially the chicken and waffles!
Dirty, dirty, dirty.  Small scoops.  I can tell this place just changed management.  Too bad.
Pretty tasty coffee and local owned and operated if I am not mistaken
Easy place to grab a quick bite, however for what it is, very basic and over priced.
First time for me last Saturday...Did acrylic...and love them...Tina was super fast too
Ryan was super helpful and did a great job replacing my screen. Good value and great service.
Impresionante espect culo
The wings are BIG - and there are about 2 dozen sauces to pick from!  The salad was good too!
Service and food was great!   Your   server   was very friendly, made it a  please eating there
Food was OK, was hoping for more. Wait staff and hostess were OK. For Yorkville, was average.
This restaurant is so good!  Food portions are large for sharing or left overs.
Great prices, very generous portions, fresh and flavorful, what else is their to say
Because they took the time to respond, I will give benefit of the doubt. Perhaps a bad day?
Wasn't taking my gift card, AND would allow me to use my credits for my free drink. FAIL
Sooooo goooodddd !!!!!!!!! Soooooooo wooorrrtttthhhh it!!!!!!!!! I love everything , clean toooooo
Love their Caesar salad and blue cheese bacon burger! Very comfortable seating and ambiance
Had another great experience here.  Food was amazing and the service was stellar this time.
Very nice patio! Good food and entertainment! They have happy hour every day!! Very nice place!
Nice gas station but really annoying to be approached by two people for donations/car repairs lol
LOVEE!   East Coast dog is to DIE for!  I do wish the location on Spring Mtn offered it though
Beautiful modern restaurant with great service and food. What more could you ask for.
Authentic grocery deli and restaurant...great staff and the best Philly cheese!!!!
Best Boba in the valley! Hands down!  Best flavors and service!
Would highly suggest to try this place awesome sandwiches
No comment just try it and see how amazing it is. Wonderful staff and scrumptious food
Very tasty food. The quality is good, the place is clean and the staff is really nice. Recommended.
Josele is the best manager ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Very good food, awesome customer service...
Worse place ever. Slow and disrespectful employees. Dirty and unorganized store as well.
Tried out their pork belly ramen with spicy pork sauce.  A nice experience.
Love this place. They are so welcoming and the drinks are delish! Can't wait to go back!
It was pretty good.  I had a hard time recollecting my meal here... Nothing really stood out.
It's a great place to eat the food was really tasty and fresh. The cost was very reasonable.
Amazing fresh food. Vanilla pecan ice cream is phenomenal !!! I will highly recommend this place.
BBQ Duck and Sesame Beef are to die for ! Very reasonable! Great Value!
Great tasting gelato! Plenty to choose from and the kids loved it too! Great service too!
Fabulous selection of fusion Japanese sushi and other tales of foood! Worth every bite!
Great cold subs, but I will take Penn station over this any day!
Servers not so great, seemed like they were being held hostage. Huge portions though.
Devin was great and efficient. I love that they fill prescriptions here as well.
5 stars times two .. Really great service .. Gggreat cccoffee   !!!!!  Food yummy  on steroids  !
Poorly organized. Express line was a joke. Nowhere near the amount of trucks advertised.
This is the WORST drive thru ever! Takes forever and there are not a lot of people here!
the place smell so bad with smokers,we have to leave right away.
Fantastic service and food.  The omelet chef was like a machine !!!  He has 8 orders going at once !
A crew removed the sign yesterday.  The place is closed.
Small little establishment - but dam their pork fried rice was awesome - for the price wow!
Awesome chicken sammie! Went with prima chicken add avocado, and it is really tasty! Will be back.
Great food & nice atmosphere. It's quiet enough that you can actually visit.
Great pizza and wings  and  as always great service. The perfect fix for a Friday night.
Go to Hard Rock instead  you'll be happier and they are around the same pricing!
If getting a beer opt for the "Sconnie Beer" - same price as Bud/Miller/PBR but better and local
If you wanna clubbing while dinning, best choice!!!
Huge facility. 3 full volleyball courts. Great place to practice and the entry fee is not that bad.
Great specials, great service, fast, and affordable.  This place is a gem.
Very good fresh food! Worth trying we will be going back very soon.
convenient location, tight seating (just like Tokyo ramen shops), fun, and good broth.
Best breakfast! French Toast
Always quick and fresh. Everything is delicious. I recommend the crab rangoon and fried rice.
Theresa is an awesome person and esthetician
Food is pretty good - service really friendly.  Nice fun atmosphere.
We stopped in for lunch on our way to Hoover Dam. Cute little place with excellent food and service.
Quick delicious low cost Indian fare similar in layout to Chipotle.
Cute little park with a splash pad and large playground for the kids. You can also fish here.
Thanks Theresa! It was a blast. Nothing like shooting a  desert eagle + ak47 to start the day.
Over-priced Chinese foods.  Service not up to par for an upscale restaurant.
Excellent food and wine. Nice to have in our neighborhood. Service was great,  thanks Kaitlan.
Getting kitty stuff.  Always hard to pass up the cats and dogs up for adoption.
I orderded the New York Strip with sauteed mushrooms..... Deeeeeelish!! Cooked to perfection!!
Awesome company!!!!   Bill is amazing!  Super nice and thorough!  Highly recommend this company!!
Took our dog here for the first time today and Diana did a great job.
This place was super boring .. I wouldn't go back... U can't smoke weed lol  But super boring here
A good shuttle option between SFO and LAS.
Take a family of 4 to a movie with popcorn & drinks for under $20 hell yeah!
Sooo tender. Melts in your mouth.  Be sure to order the brisket.  We will definitely be back.
Fresh rolls are good. I've had better pho elsewhere, however prices are cheap.
Food was fine. Bar prices outrageous!  8 for old fashion?  Last I knew this is wisconsin!
This place is close to my work.  I love their brisket and mac and cheese.
Love love love this old classic shop!!! Lots of comics and toys to pick from!!
D jeuners et d ners sympa! Nourriture excellente! personnel accueillant d cor  aux go ts du jour.
No bueno... things were pricy and sweet. It was near our hotel but I wouldn't come back again.
Very very t Dentistry not compassionate to elderly people would not recommend this place.
Clean.  Good service.  Good carls experience.
Good service, good food especially the cr pes, great live jazz and finally beautiful ambience.
Always a winner when we visit AZ, from Appetizer to Dessert, a great meal all around!
Cool place, cool music, good drinks (and reasonable).
Best healthy fast food option I've had in Vegas. Tasty chix strips.
Very happy to have stumbled upon this brunch place.  LIve band, nice outdoor area, and good food.
Such a fun atmosphere and the food is delicious. Great date night spot.
Great place to eat !!!! You'll enjoy every bite. The ramen is very light weight and yummy
Tasty food. Very few vegetarian options. Some of them contain seaweed and it smells like fish.
Excellent spot for vegetarians.  Quite pleased we finally found it at the end of our trip.
Delicious sweet potato waffles! I will return. Thank you!
Best deli in any state!  Pictures are worth a thousand words, look at those sandwiches!!!!!
Wow this place is awesome. The food is sooooooo good. Nothing like it in Las Vegas. MUST TRY!!!
Good food and good price! Wish they would have coconut rice :) staff was very friendly and tentative
As an asian, I feel like I should apologize on behalf of all asians for this craptastic place.
fun place to dance.. 3.50 beers and 4.50 beers.. roughly 5 for mix drinks... not horrible not great.
Very friendly staff and great SPG recognition. Room was clean and ready upon arrival .
Not much of a selection, felt more like I was in a Disney outlet a lot of the merchandise was dated.
If you want hawaiian and korean food!!! This is the place... The owners treat you like family!!!
Very clean facility! Plus you can get a car wash after you pump gas. I recommend this place.
Trop Bon! Un choix vari  de plats une poutine trop bonne et un personnel au top. Je recommande!
Friendly staff and amazing waxers. The bees wax is the bees knees!
Definitely worth trying out. Interesting menu and great food. Everybody was super nice
Tightest slots in Vegas. Great Nachos. Avoid the place if your a gamer. Never won in the place.
Doctor kotoske did a great work on me. Love his manners and his staff.affordable and professional.
I love it when there isn't a line. We were lucky today, drive up and were serviced right away.
In-N-Out Double Double Animal Style with Fries and a Dr. Pepper.. Doctor's Orders!!
This place is a great local family Italian restaurant. Great food, great prices, great service.
Unfriendly and unhelpful employees at this location very odd, not like other Panera locations.
Really good food! Nice hidden spot with a great atmosphere. A little pricy but over all really good!
Took the whole family....Had a blast so funny!!!!   definitely recommend it for the whole family
Great sandwiches fresh and inexpensive. Expect a line up and 15 min wait during rush hour
Favourite spot for lunch when Im at Square One.  Pepper beef is great!!!
Worst hospital ever!! Completely disgusted with this place! Very misleading to there patients!!
Food was okay, service was extremely slow. Waited almost an hours for the daily special.
Best car wash I've ever been to! Leaves our car spotless and has friendly employees:)
excellent service, amazing food.  a regular spot for us now
My favorite vegan place! Get the burger and animal fries and thank me later. :) :) :)
They do not do data recovery   It says on their advertising that they provide data recovery.
Aaron was awesome!  He was able to come out  the next day and had my pool fixed up with in 48 hours.
my 1st visit.   Breakfast was great. Had an egg white veggie omelet.  Delicious.  Service was good.
My new favorite place in Las Vegas. Excellent pho. Comes out in an instant once you order too.
Perfect for lunch, had The Carver on Gluten Free bread and it was delicious!
Good burger. Walked in at 2 am with 2 pac blasting and the staff dancing. Lol. Loved it.
Do not come here with more than eight people they will split your group up or make you pay 18%
Staff is always helpful and pleasant. Only place I shop for juice. Recommended to everyone.
Nice hotel but the beds are pretty firm the wife and I both slept like shit!
this place is amazing, absolute treasure. Diamond in the rough.
Woody is the shit!  If you need welding, hire this man and he will not disappoint!  Thank you woody!
The best Italian deli in Arizona. Go Here!
Unfriendly, unhelpful and unprofessional.  The agents do not listen to budget or move-in dates.
Cleveland rocks. Great beer great service amazing burger and fries. What's not to like?
I'm a regular, the best thing I have done for my $49/month.
This place and the employees are so nice and professional! Will definitely be coming back.
Haven't had a bad drink yet. Exceptional bartenders. Bar echos when there are many people though.
Delish. Great option near the Hilton Garden Inn. Industrial, trendy vibe with small plates.
Poor service and there was a fly buzzing around in the display case that housed the bagels.
Best BBQ I have ever had.  Customer Service is 2nd to none.
The best hookah place in town. Great hookah. Great food. Great service! Best tea in the world
I love this place.  Happy Birthday, SideBar!  I'll be back to see you soon.
Great location. Good pizza. Good cheesy bread and boasted chicken.
Bathroom was pretty dirty....food was not great. Staff was not friendly in my opinion.
3rd time going, 3rd time disappointed. great snicker doodle cookies.
Great drinks and great service. Anthony was awesome! Michalada bombs are the best drink
Great fried chicken, service was excellent and very personal. Get the fried green tomatoes BLT.
Always have to try the chocolate chip cookie desert!! To die for!!
Just visited this restaurant for Dim Sum. Good variety. Pleasant servers . Spacious and Good Food.
Best slice I've had in a minuet can't wait to go back it was so fresh and service was great!!
Better than SoCal, Great Food & Vibe. Happy People & Full Bar. Wahoo
The best bagels you can find in Charlotte right next to a strip club...need I say more?
Awesome lunch had the oyster po boy!! awesome waitress and friendly and quick service.  thank you
Great supermarket.
Great service, they are nice. Lots of color options and great massages. They of course serve wine.
The Red Jade Chicken with Jerk style fried rice. Perfection.
Very clean- friendly staff, & my nails are "show stoppin"
Really poor service. Food is ok. Orders never arrive. You should probably avoid this place.
Awesome Bar and Chill down to Earth Atmosphere  Love the breakfast  only one flaw  No cheese
go to place for KBBQ in toronto! excellent side dishes, good service, and great atmosphere.
Very very good!  The kale potato soup is fresh an yummy and the sweet potato sandwich is great.
This place is really cool looking. And the happy hour is great! Love love love their calamari!
great place and great service would highly recommend, located in Ceasars
Very disappointed ordered a pizza and never got it, sadly I am not the only one this happened too.
Great theaters, good quality and great location. One of the best in the charlotte, nc area.
Good food, large portions, really cool lounge in the back... a real Las Vegas classic!
Excellent Happy Hour! cheap wine, delicious Bloody Mary, and the bruschetta?!?! YES.
Oh man! Great froyo flavors and toppings...what more can I say :D yum!
Home made , delicious   Goulash soup full of flavour  All schnitzels are huge  Wont dissapoint
Great service! Very friendly people! The horses were great! I recommend it's an experience.
Steve was very respectful and offered exceptionally good service. Thank you
Soooo much food..... come hungry and with lots of time to really get your money's worth
I have been using Prestige AC for years. Dr Alber, his staff & associates are all great!
Great tacos, super selection of tequila and good service.
I come to jolies place frequently for there food, drinks and service, all of which are very good.
Eh. Not very good. Not sure I'd be back for anything other than tortilla chips and beverage station.
I get it! We needed donuts for work. 5 dozen mixed. They are delicious. enough said!
Best Banana pudding I've ever had!!! Great service... clean new place. Highly recommend
Always the best coffee and the staff remembers what I like. Love this place the patio is bomb
The pizza is bomb! The delivery was quick and the delivery guy was really nice.
There is always a good deal here.
Great coffee!!  Always my go to for hot and cold beverages.  Money orders too, if I need them.
Awesome accurate and fast. 9pm Wed. Not enough positive things said on yelp! I say it good or bad!
Just wanted to give a shout out to the awesome crew on our recent flight from SEA - PHX!
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood yeh am a fannnnnnnnnn
Amazing atmosphere and food! We would definitely go back! Great way to start our trip to Montr al.
Amazing food every time. Perfect place for meeting with friends to catch up. Never disappoints.
Really Good Food! Plain a simple. A bit pricey but worth every penny. Great service, great specials.
Had a great night's sleep under a comfy duvet and a view of the snowboard hill.
Terrific ambience and meal Wait staff was very attentive This was our second visit in 1 month
The food is on point, a taste like home made, (just need small table to play some dominos) lol
Ate here before going to see the Jabbawockeez show.  It was okay.  Chipotle is better.  No big deal.
Lots of food- very late. If you know - you know
This place is awesome! Great prices, awesome food, and the friendliest people!
Best BBQ in the valley, get there early or they run out of food, sometimes.  Love those grits.
I really can't say that I was impressed with this place . May have to try it another day.
In love with my house. so well built, great flow of floor plan
These guys are AMAZING!!! Chris is outstanding!!! Thank you!! My car drives like new!!
Another great dinner. Secret gem here this place is. Had the Pot Roast tonight. Very good.
This place was good.  I gotta come back to try something different.  But it's too damn far.
This place is no better then a Denny's and they charge twice as much. Food wasn't good at all.
By far my favorite Thai restaurant!  Love the food here!
All seafood dishes are awesome in here! My family and I really love this place! Highly recommend!!!
Best take out souvlaki dinner around. We travel all the way from Bowmanville, Ontario to go here!
Great pastrami sandwich for around 8 dollars and it comes with potato salad and a kosher pickle.
Pretentious. Not truly "dog friendly". Even if the food is above standard, I won't be coming back.
The food here was very savory but really pricey (that's vegas). Seating was very limited.
Neat place; nice, interesting decor, well done coffee, although that's all I can judge the place on.
Saw Jaime today excellent scissor cut ,detailed ,very professional .place fun "rocker vibe"
Very friendly staff and reasonable pricing. I wouldn't hesitate to use again.
5 Stars for Samurai Kim and staff! Exceptional fresh fish, great rolls and customer service.
I love BBQ but this place is less than average. The bathrooms sure could use a deep cleaning too!
I have never had a bad experience at this airport the food offered has really improved!
Great hot dogs!! Delicious food. Good customer service. Enjoyed my time here. Thank you!!
Excellent selection and very friendly service from Presley! Great first visit - will be back soon.
Very cozy rooms. I got a relaxation massage and fell asleep half way. Will definitely go back.
Delicious tapas, great ambient atmosphere. And awesome music. Definitely recommend.
Los mejores tacos de Las Vegas!
People were friendly, prices are cheap and they did a great job. My wedding ring fits perfect now!
The best nail salon in Denver.  Very clean, and they always do a great job....
Nice change off pace for great food! Go once you will go back!  Enjoy, hope to see ya there.
Had a strawberry Nutella cr pe.  Service was fast and cr pe was good. Pretty standard stuff.
Not a corporate store ...stay away from such place.
Food was delicious and the wait was short! The service was great too. We'll definitely be back.
Excellent. I had the prime rib. I would go back in a heart beat. A little noisy though.
A good variety of stores. My son and his friends had a great time at the theatre and
The absolute best salon in the Phoenix area!  The stylists are professionals and very skilled!
I tried the Oyster shooter & their Fried Calamari...wow, sooo good!!!
Excellent staff and service. Food was good, but waitress was puzzled when I asked for pickle.
Very bland food that was probably marked up 500%.  I'd take Panda Express any day over this place.
If you like mediocre food (on a good day), poor service, and rude workers, this place is for you.
Root beer float is my favorite cocktail. Service is always great! We'll be back again!
Good, but not worth to wait for an hour or two. Those who are allowed time are worth trying.
Awesome chicken curry and Mediterranean food in general! Will return again, and again, and again...
We worked with Cle and he was phenomenal. He made the experience fun and he was very personable.
Delicious. This place is dangerously close to work. I really need to lay off.
Exactly what I was looking for. Good selection of cheap beers. Haven't tried the food yet.
Great people.  Awesome hospital.  State of the art medical care.  The facility is top notch.
They really do have some of the best chicken wings in town! Great quality food with good portions.
Nice 1.5 mile walk from my house each way. Great food and menus. I love the fired grill asparagus.
Like the tacos!  Menudo is fair.
Friendly service, very competitive prices and good results. Will be a regular here.
Great group of down to earth employees that care about your experience and always there to help
Great appetizers, food and service. Nice wine list with 1/3 off bottles tonight. Will be back.
If you came here for food I feel bad for you son, got 99 boardgames but a dish aint one.
Did a fantastic job on everything even a 40 year old cashmere jacket
If you are still looking for a delicious and fabulous BBQ and salad, you had better to try it!
This place is now closed and boarded up. I guess it never had a chance to make it in this area.
The foods and soups are too sweet and salty...kinda disappointed but the services is not bad
It's worth it to wait for a seat in Starbuck's here. But be ready to swoop in when a table is free!
Love coming here for the strawberry, banana, dark chocolate crepe!  Very good!
Love this Target! Always stocked up on everything and their home decor section is amazing!
It's a weird concept that totally works. Give them a try your stomach will thank you for it.
No service. Waited 10 mins to be seated and none of the staff would even look at me. Horrible place.
Fast and friendly. Never had a bad cut for my son.
Everything I had was delish. I had house salad and sm white pizza. Will go back for sure.
Have to edit my old review... This place took a turn. Overpriced and everything is an upsell.
Quick and attentive service. Excellent fish tacos and tater tots! Portions are huge.
Over rated.  The grounds are not well kept and the units are small and the noise is out of control
Big portions = 5 stars! Got the usual spicy chicken.Lau lau and kalua pig. Plenty pork = delicious.
Best piercing place ever!! I'm addicted. Huge selection of jewelry.
It was my first time there, and their yogurt was amazing. Great substitute for ice cream.
Our new favorite place for pizza! Friendly staff, fresh ingredients and great service.
So thankful to have expert tinting services right here in Fountain Hills, and so reasonably priced
Great place to spend some time with the kids.  Makes you feel like a kid again at the same time.
Good flavours but meat was overcooked. I will come back hoping that the next visit will be better
1st timer... 2 slice Lunch special w drink.   Good deal.
Diner food at its best! Welcome to Henderson - we love you!  Have not had a bad meal yet.
The Greek Omelette was amazing! And great cold brew! Nice patio. I'll def be back for breakfast!
Got the oatmeal very good put nuts and granola in it and came with muffins . Old vibes
II love Silver Wolf Crossfit! The community and atmosphere will make you want to keep coming back!
Been coming here for over 10 years and it never fails ! Best bakery in las vegas hands down
Good service and what I expected.    A bit slow but we got through the line
Fantastic service, delivery and food.   I would love to dine in great ambience (never have time).
Zero stars is more appropriate.  Overlooked greasy food and coffee worse than Starbucks
I end up craving the Philly cheesesteak with chicken at least once a week. Excellent.
The mini Xs.  The last time I was here Jazzy Jeff was here.  Poor, old fat ass.  He is lookin beat.
OMG My Friend Brent AKA Stumpy Owns this Place!
Top 3 pizza in Pittsburgh, the crust and cheese are excellent
I really appreciate the service from this pharmacy, they deliver!  The products are exceptional.
Happy Hour.. Till 6:30p.. Everything was under $10. Service was good. Great seating on the patio.
Optometrist not necessarily that thorough. Shop staff not very friendly. Small inventory.
please  don't let your  elderly family member rent here.
Best, cheapest way to obtain a fantastic variety of sushi all within a vibrant atmosphere!
Great pizza and great drinks. Try the milagro tequila and Leonardo pizza. Definitely will be back
Above average pho, good service, excellent BBQ
Horrible service here, John was no help and extremely unprofessional. So much for better quality
I highly recommend the pork taco fully loaded. I come here way too much and I'm never disappointed.
The only shop I trust with my cars. Very friendly, knowledgable, and honest automotive technicians.
The apple butter burgs are excellent.
Most uncomfortable bar on the strip. Stools too high and so incredibly uncomfortable.
The pizza is just great!   I'm willing to pay a couple. bucks more because the flavors are worth it!
Don't go anywhere else but Pixy Cakes! I never will!
I don't gamble but this is a pretty cool place.
Good drive through experience tonight. Fast and the guy was super helpful with my order.
Awesome atmosphere and food. Great service. Recommend the club and pancakes. Best spot on strip!
Good place, had the Super Soup Bowl and could not finish
Sandwiches were very good.  Cross another Diners, Drive inns, dive place off the list
Such a beautiful spot to hangout! Candle lit and relaxing The Valentine burger is my favorite!
Fun lounge, great for large groups and good drinks. Service isn't the best, but the ambiance is nice
Awesome service request mark he is amazing I will only use penny electronic from now on
Having the grilled chicken, ham and Brie sandwich and it is amazing
The PHOF is the absolute best place in LV to play Pinball!
The egg drop is the best!  We have not had one bad meal yet. From start to finish... Darn good
Great food and great prices. Sometimes service isn't the best, but can't complain too much.
Terrible. The stuff you buy out of a tub at the grocery store is better. It was edible, but barely
Awesome find before we headed back to Buffalo Ny!!!!  The donuts are 100% worth the trip :):)
Fast service, great drinks and guacamole! Authentic American restaurant with a Mexican theme
Love them!  Have gone there for 5 years and would not dare go anywhere else for my nails!
I am madly in love with this restaurant! The pizza, the quac-a-tony, the ballini's! WONDERFUL!
Good portions, quick staff and clean.  A little smokey from casino!
Food is fresh which is exactly what you want from a sushi restaurant! Clean friendly atmosphere!!
Totally not helpful bad customer service the high school girls that work there are rude.
Plenty of lanes, good vibe and a lot of bowling ball selections.
Loved the outdoor patio. Margaritas, chips and Guacamole, $2 tacos on Monday. It was all good.
Who the heck doesn't love huge amounts of toilet paper and free samples of food... come on now!
The food was horrible. Taco Bell is more authentic than this place. The staff was rude and slow.
This place is ok, but I'm giving it 5 stars for all the memories. Dolla dolla drinks yaaaall.
My first visit was four weeks ago....wonderful job on manicure and pedicure! Going back this week...
Expect to pay either an unnecessary cover charge or be told the kitchen is closed at any given time
I like a food court that offers lobster bisque in a bread bowl!
Meh...If you like middle age women with subpar talent then is the right club for you never again
Pretty decent brunch on the weekend. Get the bistro big breakfast, it is the best value.
GREAT food! A wide selection of different foods and desserts. Excellent beer. 10/10 would recommend!
A little weird to dine at a gas station but it's really good! The french fries are addictive.
Lots of options, even for people who don't eat meat. The poutine with tater tots is fantastic.
I've gone to this dentist literally my whole life. I love this place, I won't go anywhere else!!
Service was nice and quick, however, food was horrible, all of it, and no we didn't eat it...
This place is no longer in business. I tried going there August 2014 and it is closed.
Very nice place to eat at. Very good food especially the charbroiled pork that I always get.
Great service. The food is delicious. Had the Go Guda, really good  and almost too big for 1 person.
PLEASE WEAR SANDALS !!!!....some jerk is leaving IV needles on the floor
REALLY good, authentic Mexican food. Just wish they served margaritas!!
Ashleys art work is amazing and she was very clean and perfessional. My tattoo came out great!
Eddie is very helpful. I stop here a few times a week to top off my propane and water.
Always love visiting - they have a fun collection of records, and lots of outlets!
Great food for the money, mom and pop shop that Gilbert lacks!  This place puts big chains away!
Great family location, we love coming here with kids. Especially on Tuesdays when they have BOGO :)
They forgot to make my frozen coffee. Several people got their drinks while I was waiting for mine.
Very good food and fast. Friendly staff. Great location with lots of pre/post dinner options.
I'm a regular costumer there.  Always get the best price.  No long lines.  I love SAMs club.
We visit Vegas 2 to 3 times a year and the Bellagio Fountains never get old.
Always great service and seriously the best orange chicken and orange shrimp I've ever had.
Eric was prompt and did an excellent job picking up trash at my condo.  His price was fair as well!
Place adorable!!!!!...Food delicious!!!!!! Customer service on point! Officially my lunch spot
Fast and friendly service. Food was good, tasted fresh. Prices were more than reasonable.
Phenomenal food, Ben was great! All I can say is we will definitely be coming back soon.
Great lunch and service. Ordered carnitas based on our sever's recommendation and it was excellent.
Get the apple pancake, it makes everything else bearable. They only take cash & no cell phones!
Not the greatest, but I've stayed at worse. My view is a homeless encampment.
I'm a fried chicken/wings lover!!! I can eat chicken all day, everyday!!! Love this place.
Make sure to visit Luna, a beautiful cockatoo that sings and dances!!
Try the Stingray! So delicious. Great service too.
A little pricey, noisy, small dining area, but great food and definitely worth all the negatives
We didn't get pho, to be fair, but the bun cha gio was bleh. We ordered a rice dish too. Bleh!
Great hair salon and friendly staff.
They wouldn't honor the phone coupon that we subscribed to, so we left. Seriously bizarre.
The meatballs are killer. Excellent cocktails.  Order s bunch of apps and meatballs and enjoy!!
Really great food especially gluten free items without the worry of cross- contamination.
     
The burgers are great and the service was quick. My kids loved this place and it was worth the wait.
By far the best pozole I've ever had! This place rocks and they have great drink specials!
Popular for a reason. The drinks are good and it really puts you in the mood in Vegas.
I enjoyed their large strawberry rhuburb pie :)
Food:  the Tom Yum Goog soup (with shrimp and chicken) is a food score 10 - a Phoenix, AZ best dish.
I wish we had one of these in Utah. I love their lentil salad. The hummus is really good too.
Had yakisoba, ramen and takoyaki. All of them were decent but a little bit salty.
Best comedy club I've been to!! Excellent staff and great environment!
Good; mostly clean; engaged support in the room area
It was great.  Tables and demos all over the convention center, but not spread out too far.
Nice ambience. Great fries. Wide selection of beers. Reasonable prices. I'll definitely be back.
It was alright, the chicken was decent but the sauces weren't anything to write home about.
Wonderful fried chicken and good service. Hope they're planing to add fried fish sometime.
We were very impressed with the custom Las Vegas themed birthday cake we ordered.  It was perfect!
Terrible service. Our waiter was offensive and bad at serving the drinks the customer ordered
food was pretty good. my husband said his pork chop was a little dry.
My brow area was burning after threading. This is what it looked like a few hours later.
The room was clean and comfortable. Overall,  probably the best cheap hotel around.
An hour and a half wait for a state inspection with an appointment?
My first visit. Definitely going back. More than just the standard curry and vindaloo.
A smaller, cozy place. Smaller menu but very gourmet like.
Great service, fast and fair price. Jared, the technician was very professional and helpful.
Bookmans is the only place I go to buy books! Absolutely love it!
Ashley J was amazing!!  she was patient and friendly for the entire time.  thank you!!
July 7 was there 60th anniversary and .60 pancakes all day , safe to say we left pancaked!
Don't. Waste. Your. Time.   WES didn't recognize them as a "regognized" translator.
Great place!! Very helpful and they know their stuff ..way better than petco & petsmart
went to one in Texas and the ribs are equally as good as AZ
Don't come here. I want it all for myself.  PS, the Yelp deal was honored with no fuss. Awesome.
This place sucks, half of the games are broken and the staff is very rude. Horrible service.
Horrible! Cannot get return call to me or insurance company to fix their error on claim paperwok
I love this kohls! I saved 50.00 on bedding and clothes thanks to Yasmin. She's awesome!
I had the classic breakfast and a taste of my friend coconut pancakes, delicious!
Excellent dental services, Dr. Menna is very knowledgeable, she and her team is also very friendly.
Great food.  Fresh ingredients.  We will keep coming back.  Thanks for opening this location.
Best bakery I've ever been to. The chocolate croissant blew my mind.
Simple bar, yet ok for kids.  Cheap and food not bad.  No compliants and always a friendly staff.
Its small, but it's FREE. Great way to spend some time outside.
That steak though! Yum. Everything was so good. Don't pass up the table side gauc eithwr.
One of the better Target stores - not too crowded, nice selection of products, friendly staff.
Great selection of Vodkas, Good selection of martinies, okay bar food, nothing special.
Raul was a great server. Funny and fast.  Food came out quick and was excellent.
terrible! wouldn't eat here if it were free. if i could give it zero stars i would.
Ahhhh had the London Broil today...better than I was expecting. Onions were perfect and sooo good!
Great selection of 45's and 33's that are fairly priced.   Friendly and helpful staff.
Huge place to shop for kitchen and restaurant uses...they carry lots cool things...check it out!!!
BEST GROOMERS EVER!! Everyone is so friendly. Love taking my dog to get a good cut and wash here!
The best blond hair specialist. I refer clients to this guy and he always does an amazing job.
Beautiful and spacious studio! We got a great deal otherwise it can be pretty pricey!
Great quick n' cheap lunch option.    2 patties and a pop for under $5
first time trying filipino, and it was amazing. the beef cheek was to die for.
Good veggie tacos, great happy hour.  Staff is friendly.
Two words: buddy pack. Four beers, two pounds of wings $20. Instant regulars upon this discovery!
Prices are higher than AMC, but pretty good theater
Holy crap!!! Get their queso fundido with carne asada and mushrooms!! It's so freaking good!!
Ms. Q is truly anointed with her hands! Very professional, polite and friendly. Love her works
mary was amazing the best massage ever!!!! i will definitely be visiting again real soon
Love this place. Used to work close by and went everyday... Now I have withdrawals :)
Great homemade margaritas! Have gone back twice since I first went. Gets better each time.
Got the groupon for the two drinks and they are so yummy. The portion size is huge.
Yes the hype is worth it!! Check out the brisket for sure!
Delicious salted caramels! Read about them in the NY Times. :)
Simply amazing!  The food is outstanding.  Love this place and the service was excellent!
I love their pan seared Halibut and Pearfection Martini.
The popcorn chicken are filled with butter!!! $6.99for a tiny portion dessert and wasn't taste good.
This is a great sports bar for drinks and food. I highly recommend it!
1st time here. Food & Service excellent! Sebastian was one of the best bartender/servers ever
dude was the biggest dick ive ever met. rude as hell for no reason. literally never going back.
Place is good for fast food, Clean inside. Friendly staff
Pretty cool. Won't take long. Good to visit on your first day here to get a lay of the land.
low end thrift shopping at its best. Cheap...cheap..cheap thats the way we like it
Dream food! A hidden gem! Recommended 100%.  I did shake hands with the chef. Excellent food!
excellent food, wonderful service and inside was nice and cool, definitely be back!
I'm a fan. Good food, home style atmosphere and great in the summer for sangria and guacamole!
Fun atmosphere, good place to watch football games.  I like the cheese curds!
The menu is too overwhelming and the food isn't all that great. Comparable to a Denny's or IHOP.
Delicious food and great service! Cute intimate setting good for a date or girls night.
Pho lacked some of the flavour of a richly built stock. Wait staff was great and friendly!
Hands down.........the best BLT I ever ate!!!!!!!!.........in the Italian market of all places
The food taste like Mexico. Favorites are the Chili Relleno plate and the shrimp plate
Good breakfast joint! Lots of options for decent price, along with pet friendly patio seating.
My experience at Mor Furniture was great. Muhammed was fantastic and really gave a great deal.
had to go... I drank Tea :)
Great service and gorgeous arrangement. Will use Martin's again.
Good diner food with options for all sorts of diets (vegans to carnivore). Not too pricey either!
best vegas pool party!   the cabanas had a $5000 minimum (alcohol and food.)
The service was friendly, knowledgeable, and courteous. The portions were generous and delicious!!!
My son loves this place, always so friendly and fresh. The iced mocha frapp is delicious
Pricey but good! You pay for quality! If I'm consuming something I'll pay the extra $$ for it
The food was amazing!  Crispy fries and the patio seating was the icing on the cake for a sunny day!
This location has a wide variety of selections, it's always clean and the shelves are stocked fully.
This was really good I had the avacado.
An extra large pizza was so small it barely fed my wife and I. Also the pizza was bad.
A Friday night routine' it's not NYC but it's good.
Loved the grilled chicken. And the price of the food is reallly low.  Highly recommend this place.
From Iowa. The sandwich and soup was great. Atmosphere was nice. Little pricey but overall nice.
Hal is Awesome!!! He's dependable,professional,personable,trustworthy,knowledgeable. And much more!
Update:   Great weekend buffet dosas! Improved service...
love via delosantos - good friend GREAT customer service!
love the food  best lemonade  EVER!  god bless this place
AS good as it gets.... If you are looking for a great homemade breakfast- this is the place to go.
I love this store!  Great products & really helpful staff.
Peppermill used to be a very popular place to go. Last visit was merely "so-so".
Amazing food truck! Love the All Thai'd Up quesadilla! Definitely the best I've had anywhere!
BBQ: Great! Picture on the outside of the building of a pig eating his own ribs: Disturbing!
Endroit pr tentieux, bobo, et beaucoup trop cher. 5$ pour un jus d'orange, tu me niaises?
Yummy food that won't break the bank and good service. What more do you need?
Their average over the past year before this post was 1.27/5.00.  Fact.
Great food! Mike is an eggsellent server! Really held up to my Eggspectation. Too many food puns...
GREAT latte. Best I have had in a while. Glad I discovered this place!
Richard Whelan was my agent...Very quick knowledgable and courteous. Highly recommend.
good source for asian items.  besides going to china town.
Very courteous staff. Car was taken exactly at my appointment time. Very comfortable waiting area.
Best red chile and Im picky
Best. Pizza. Ever....I don't live in Cleveland anymore but will drive up just for this pizza.
It's alright got a few things. Mainly shoes-best shoes discount stores here.
Great food, fast service, and clean.
lost packages twice! I am starting to think they keep it and note delivered
I have been comming here dor years now, they are always on the spot, service is impacable, a++++
Terrible service over 2 hour wait for meds. They kept saying 10 minutes. Sad service.
Fantastic food! The Brazilian steak was awesome. Brandon did an excellent job as our server.
Jaisha is an excellent stylist. She takes her time and makes sure the cut is thorough.
Excellent food and very accommodating to dietary needs (gluten free, vegetarian, etc).
Hooray!!! Thank you to the Top Chef Masters for AWESOMENESS!!!  The Halibut Ceviche was astounding.
Decent all you can eat sushi place. Good sushi all around including lots of rolls and sushi pizza.
The BEST Hawaiian / Korean food along with an outstanding friendly service!!!
The noodles and seafood soup taste like shit. Bad customer service. Never come back again.
As good as advertised. Friendly staff. Best bbq I've ever had. Worth the wait and price.
Great service, pizza and pasta was great. Nice environment and I look forward to returning soon.
I only wish the indoor dining area was bigger. Fast service, tasty food, affordable experience.
I hate this place and ALL of the ppl that work there. No fucking clue about their job!
Very interesting shop!  Lots of ideas for spicing up the home.
Service is horrible had to ask for water 4 times. Waitress has no clue about the drinks or menu.
Best gyros in town for 4.99 And the hummus is a must Can't beat the value or the taste
Good i! I love flowers so nose an  vaurius colors of smaller to bigger
Delishhh.  Great lunch prices.  OMG roll and Grinch roll are amazing.  (Get Sushi A - great meal).
Way overpriced for their product, just drive by and find a much better pie for half the price.
Nice draft choice at good price Fun atmosphere Pricey OK food
Tastes good, fun to eat. Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but it was a fun experience!
Great bar! I usually leave in some form of black out. But my friends say I enjoy it;)
Nice place. Friendly and the prices are good. Will get my nails done here again.
Extremely good sushi. Friendly staff. A little off the beaten track in the Fremont area.
The food is amazing!! The chef checks on every table. Service was awesome. I can't wait to go back!!
Great home cooked food that heals the soul. Great environment and fresh endless staff.
Fantastic service and the brisket taqitos and enchiladas were phenomenal. I will be coming back.
Bad customer service. 4 people working and only 1 helped customers while we stood in long lines
How have we never been here until recently? BBQ so good! Love the atmosphere, too! Highly recommend!
Yummy Moscow mule, no copper mug but still tasty. Worst sliders on planet Earth!!! Terrible!
Great food, service and atmosphere! We will be back soon and try their other locations.
The Korean tacos are not half bad, and the kid really likes the burgers.
This place really sucks. They never open on time and get a attitude if you tell them.
Very fresh and delicious!!! Clean open kitchen!! Kind service!! Soup was so deep taste!!
Jeff showed excellent customer service care & helped me find a bed with superb speed.
Enjoy the food and service here! Always speedy service either dining in or carry out!
Plus: Best BBQ in town Minus: Long line and they run out of food  But definitely worth a try!
This is the best burger place there is. Don't leave Akron without hitting up a Swensons.
Favorite is their mango milk tea. Right next to Lee Lee's Supermarket.
For all you people who keep emailing me..... The Pinball Hall Of Fane is OPEN.
Nice imax teather , but i fell sleep again!! Star wars awesome but just half of the movie i enjoy
Not normally into raw food, but the cocoa smoothie & sweet potato sushi were delicious!
I have used Colburn Enterprises for several years and always get great service and decent pricing.
Pretty good bagels but extremely over priced for what you get. Good to try but will not return.
Very nice accommodating firm. .  Best.   SC.
Great place! friendly staff and best of all very quick. Its brand new so place looks great :).
Love this place! Got. Blackberry cheescake flavor and fell in love. Staff is very friendly also#
Great Food!!  Kooky Atmosphere!!  A must-try when you're in Sin City!
This place is horrible they yelled at me when I asked for meds to take care of me throwing up blood
Honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had.  Surprised me with a complementary Creme Br l e.
So darn good. The cheeseburger was amazing. Perfect over easy egg. Can't wait to go back!
Stay away from this company for your own sake. Nothing but lies and empty promises.
the worst restaurant ever, expensive, bad cooking skill, horrible,the rolls are tiny!!! Do not come
Disappointed. Nothing stood out. The deserts were okay. I honestly expected more !
The pan pizza is absolutely incredible. Takes 40 min once ordered and well worth the wait.
Excellent service, great food. Very good quality. We'll be back the next time we're in town.
Jamie was awesome ! Thanks for the great suggestions ! We'll be back again for sure !
Always friendly and helpful. They have helped us find the perfect spot for our camper/coach.
Great Service at the Bar as well as the Table.  The Walleye was simply the best!!!
This is THE best social hour in Las Vegas. Definitely a "can't miss" spot on the strip. Go go go.
New Rock in the US!!!  Selection is not as big as online but service was great!
Nice place, but cupcakes are below average.  Very dry.
S/O to Marvin for that great support, very informative, bought 1:240 mil and would come again!
Completely satisfied with the service and the way my car looked when it was done. Awesome place
Not as good as it used to be.  Economy is slow.  But Vegas is Vegas. Always a fun time.
Omg this place is no longer good . The food is so salty and the cold tripe is disgusting!!!
Had the mediterranean pizza today. Soooo good! Thanks Guy Fierri.... Mmmmmmmm
So much fun! Rebecca was so great. We just had drinks and they were so tasty! I highly recommend!
Wish I still lived in Vegas just so I could eat here. BEST Mexican food I've ever had.
Knowing when to use the computer to order or pay is confusing.
Super delicious. One of the best restaurants I have eaten at in a long time. Excellent service.
doesn't matter how many times you take a trek to LAS, this is a must-see Every. Single. Time.
High quality work, friendly staff and reasonable prices...can't beat that combination!
I found this store by accident.  I love it.  So many beautiful yarns.  Everyone we so helpful.
Checked out the background of chef Gian Franco, sounds very solid and exciting!
It just needs more country music to be played!
Chipotle is delicous! Better than all other places like it!
this place has hands fown the best chicken noodle soup and pastam that i ever had..briskets bomb too
Good food! Very accommodating to my dietary needs (no fish sauce, no bean sprouts, no peanuts.)
New property.  Staff is friendly and helpful.  Nice pool.  Easy on/off expressway access.
Great spot. Food is excellent. Clean. Very popular place.
Ok 3.5, order on paper, all-you-can eat..yum
This place is Great. I always get the Haru poppers when they pass by.
Fallana is the best hostess!!! She was very accommodating and friendly.  We love Postino!
Amazing service! The place is clean and beautiful! I got the mani and pedi which was $38!
Food was great, waiter was not. I ran into the owner on the way out though and he was very kind.
James was an awesome guy who was very informative in the juices. Great juice and great service!
Very clean & Tony & his staff are ALWAYS friendly & do a great job!!
Fantastic....Got in same day & my son's ingrown toe nails were fixed! Dr Garber rocks!
Got me in fast.  First timer, service was great the the stylist was good.  I will go back for sure.
Super quick service. Friendly front office staff and good location. No complaints. A+
Really pleasant staff and good coffee. Flourless brownie was ace, really great little coffee shop.
What a great place! Loads of fresh fruit, crepes, eggs! Very clean restaurant I loved it
The food and service is great for such a busy location.  This is the best run restaurant chain.
Truly the best. Highly skilled, friendly, and knowledgeable. Why would one go anywhere else?
Had a great breakfast.  Bagel was good, too, and I'm not a bagel fan. Impressive bakery selection.
Clothes always look great...need to be more careful with specialty buttons
I have spent a lot of money here, but I have rarely received service. Maybe 1/10 times.
I like Monty's! Great atmosphere, yummy desserts, and good burgers.
Great selection and prices! Picked out 4  - and installed on the date as promised. We love our fans!
Great customer service best ive had in vegas and awesome food. would recommend to anyone
Great patio, wonderful day for porch fest! Can't wait to go back!!
This place has shut down.
Excellent, Elegant, Essence of Beauty.  Would be a Perfect venue and restaurant for a private event.
Love this place my kids love the chicken tenders and fries. The staff is always friendly.
Didn't stay there but best casino ladies room on the strip.  We tried em all at some point :-)
Came there at 1st of Dec  No need to explain more, just GOOD...!! you will not disappoint
Truly one of the loveliest evenings in a long while. Simply glorious food. Wow!
Jenny did a great job on my hard gel nails today! I enjoy coming here, it's quality work!!
Try lunch here! Good food for a fair price!  Very attentive wait staff!
Frank and his crew do a great job - highly recommend  Paul - Gilbert AZ
Awesome people. Awesome place. Got exactly what I needed. Sending all our musician friends here!!!
Great customer service by Alex Ochoa.  Yes, I do recommend them for your time of needs.
Excellent pho. Spring rolls are great too. And the soups.
I'm a Sun Devil I love frank Kush Field!
Great place that is fast, clean and great value for the money!
The best customer service I ever had,. This place is a must if you're a burrito and taco lover
The sandwiches here are just too plain for my taste.  There are better places out there.
Awesome food, one of my favorite places. The tottie roles are the best!
Smells like urine,and got me sick .STAY AWAY
Again, you get what you pay for.  Beware the $10 Wednesday's here.  Unbelievably slow ...
I had the Curried Singapore fried noodles, it was spicy and full of flavor. Service was average.
romantic atmosphere, all the food was perfectly handmade and rustic.
I ordered the French dip. Great portion and perfect taste. Will definitely order this again!
In the word of Larry David , Pretty Pretty Pretty Good.
I had the chicken sub. It was pretty bland, very little flavor.
6/19   The elderly woman who helped me out was very polite & sweet! And service was quick too
Awesome Happy hour appetizers! They are also the best place to get a frozen margarita!
Firehouse subs are always good.  Excellent good service at this location.
this is the spot to eat at 24 hours a day. their breakfast is the best on the strip!!
Delicious food and amazing service from our waitress Kari and other staff. We will be back!
Just more the same really. Nothing special. The service was good, friendly and pleasant.
Our favorite theater, Great location, great staff, always clean and concessions always fresh
Great food. Good size portions. Service is awesome. Very friendly. Feels like I'm back in bankok.
best (authentic) pad thai i found in town!  enough said!
Real Taiwanese food! Staff there are really nice. Definately go there again!
A great easy way to meet your automotive needs convenient and simple for home and travel and car
Always great service, delivery doesn't take forever & food is great quality. Real food and hearty.
Breakfast buffet was decent. Food quality was average and so was service.
Great breakfast/lunch place. The egg salad sandwich is the best I have had since grandma's
Great place!  Love the relaxed atmosphere, place to interact with people enjoy a glass of wine, etc.
Could be a nice place to get some work done. My coffee was good. Internet speed is atrocious.
Great little pizza place in front of the monte Carlo. It's quick and easy. Pizzas range from $7-$15
Great spot for some fresh breakfast food. Awesome vegan options and really good burritos.
Spartan Club is Truly Unique and fantastic!
Great choice for Mexican and good service! Drinks were on point.. Carne Asada had a nice flavor
Good stuff.  No wait.  Friendly.  Good value. This is the 2nd time visiting this location.
Amazing. We had to stop here twice during our 4 day stay. Great affordable lunch spot.
Zeeeen! Always a relaxing experience, good facials and phenomenal massages. Love the lavender oil!
Loved my experience at Frilly Lilly. Had Claudia for my Brazilian wax. She is amazing!
Great patio. Food was very good. Had the beet salad and the fungi flatbread
Excellent service! Chada did not disappoint and I will definitely go back to try some new items.
Friendly staff unfortunately the food wasn't good..as a matter of fact we all became sick
What a joke!  Def don't recommend.
Great local bar with very fine bloody Mary's and a very welcoming and able bartender.  Great vibe.
My server never forgets my family and I. Always makes us feel welcomed, and the service is superb.
The staff is super friendly and they do a good job. And they are open in Sunday's:-).
Great Dominican food. Reminds me of the Dominican spots in New York! Your going to leave full!
Excellent groomer even for my very moody pup looked smelled and even came out tail wagging
Great variety of rich, well-prepared foods.
The shawarma here is very good, fresh and cheap.  Definitely a good spot to check out.
I rarely write reviews but Isaac did an outstanding job cleaning my rugs!
Excellent food, excellent service! Love the quaint atmosphere. Would highly recommend!
Great trade in values for a car I was looking to get rid of. This is the quick and painless route
Fast service, big portions, clean restaurant. Great place and will definitely be back ASAP.
Basically did a walk by for tiramisu. Go loved it, so this place is good in my book.
Must get the banana split!   Massive portions, old style, ice cream parlor. Love this place!
Ice cream was good, but shop was filthy. Layers of dirt on front door and outdoor tables.
Best Desi food on the strip!! Everything was so fresh and the owner is very friendly.
Rude, unfriendly management. Clearly not trained to be customer-facing. Don't waste your time.
Fabulous hidden gem!  Food was outstanding-very fresh, good service.  Would highly recommend.
Dinner on the patio of chicken fajitas and the los olivos special. Fantastic! !!
Still great! Great cocktails. All of our cigar smoke just disappears. Lily is our new fav!
Great place, menu but service was a little slow. My mouth was watering for the food. Excellent.
Finally found a Szechuan restaurant in Charlotte... it's probably the most authentic place in town.
Love everything about this place. Food, drinks, atmosphere and a great happy hour is a plus! Yum :)
Food is really good but service is so bad. Beware of ordering online to pickup or have delivered.
Great lunch spot .... Love the steamed shrimp !!  Service was amazing as well...and in and out
fun, fun, fun! And tasty food. It's a really great experience for locals and tourists.
Oh my gosh. The Chicken Masala Sandwich is awesome. Started with a bowl of Cream of Asparagus Soup.
I ordered a gyro sandwich. It was good. I'm surprised they don't offer falaffel here though.
Bad ass cleaners, fast, great job, great communication with the customer, did I mention really fast!
Always good food old style deli.  Enormous bakery goods! Friendly staff. Busy on Sunday
Unity is the best place I've been in my life that is inclusive and totally focused on love.
Solid biblical teaching. There are the most warm and friendly people there. I can't say enough !
was the worst pizza I've ever eaten in my life. It was borned. Vegetables was uncooked.
A shout out to Janelle, who took such good care of us during our great lunch today at PS 702.
They did a great job hanging my TV. On time, professional, and made sure everything was clean.
It took an hour to get our food and it was not very good, very expensive, better places in the area.
This place is a really good deal for where it's at! I would store my stuff here again.
the best thing is when they make fresh burgers. I find the food lacking. Desserts are ok
Very tasty Cuban sandwich. And I love those mac and cheese balls. Yum!
Wow!! Awesome food  and great service! Enough food and leftovers for an entire meal at home!!
Good traditional Chinese food with a little fancy twist. The service was great and fast.
Good rates, staff is nice, easy in and out.
It's really convenient to get some food in downtown. Taste really good.
I got the Motley Que BBQ sandwich and that was the best meal I've hand since I arrived.
Fabulous food great service wonderful employees very unique restaurant!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Food was Great! Really tasted like old school Italian.
Just plain awesome. A must try is the pork chops. Great friendly atmosphere. Great eats
Relaxing! I had a great pedicure.  Would def go again.
Great atmosphere,  service and food! What more could you want?! Oh and its super cute on the Square.
Loved the croissant sandwich. However, the coffee is just okay.
Great local collage bar.  Great food.
My new favorite pizza spot in vegas. Was quick, delicious and made up of fresh ingredients.
Great customer service I wanted to get a Xbox one and they told me everything about it and the price
Great pizza...enjoy the white sauce.  We are here every friday (at least for take out :-).
Great fast food. People were very helpful and friendly. Food was hot and well prepared. Great value
Christian Brothers did a great job. Service on my vehicle as well as customer service was excellent!
Great fast healthy food. Love it. Great staff. Great prices. Love the different salad choices.
This Location hands down sucks. How they gonna do my boy K-grey like that?  What a let down.
Hooray for this place having some Japanese comfort food and not just relying on a sushi bar!
Kickin' fast service today at Jiffy Lube.  Great customer service!!!
Hotel Starbucks, so cannot used your rewards here. way to expensive and staff not friendly
Excellent breakfast with great service. The red velvet waffle is a delicious surprise!
Ate there twice recently.  Excellent food, wine and service both times.  Great value.
love the soups and the sweets!! and they have drive-thru! a tad bit expensive and AC is high inside.
I love Monty's and all the creative, new touches on diner classics.
These guys rock. Great team there. Competitive prices. Fast install. Thanks, guys!
Very nice memorial. I got to see all my ancestors on the wall. Very cool. A must see.
I love the selection and the idea, glad you guys moved to a better location even closer
Good Fast friendly staff. Place was very very clean, must be new.
Great mix of pub food and vegetarian dishes.  Great experience all 3 times I've been!
Should be named La McMadeleine.
This location has the most variety and is usually very clean and organized.  LOVE this store.
Great pizza, great location, great owner.
Amazing food and outstanding service. Definitely a place to try anytime you're in Vegas.
Great sushi buffet for lunch.  Usually very crowded.
AMAZING!!!! Experienced, talented, professional!! LOOOOVE my hair!
We receive great care at Garner. His staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and on time.
I love Judy! I see her monthly. The stylists are all very friendly. The prices are reasonable.
Wonderful food!  Atmosphere is geeat, and it is open late, which is great. I recommend it!
I had a hazel nut mocha and my son a hot chocolate. It's was good and a good change in atmosphere.
a wonderful place to go.everything taste great and a variety
Great food, friendly service, lovely ambience! Definitely recommend the Thai Iced Tea.
This mall feels like a mall in China, almost everything is knocked off, copied or pirated.
Great burgers...skip the fries and get a shake instead.
Best breakfast in LV!   I can't wait to get another one of those Bloody Mary's!
So good, great service, wish there were more clean, fresh veggie options.
Good music, Vietnamese coffee, southern fried tofu sandwich. The best.
Amazing bar with a great vibe and solid beer selection. The staff is the nicest in the business.
Great meats, home brews, and good BBQ!  Definitely a locals hangout and worth the drive.
Awesome food. Chef John is the man. Go Dave and Paul!!
Great place for great pizza done right. The owner is always on site and the service is spot on.
My husband just got his hair cut here and loved the salon! Great service at a great price!
The best pho around. I come here at least once a week. A8 appetizer and a B1.
Had a great time!   Service was awesome.  Mimi was fantastic.  Delicious food and awesome drinks.
Really fun for kids and adults that have a kid side. Who doesn't love the Avengers? #Thor
Always a great breakfast!! Beautiful tattooed women serving killer food how can that be bad?
Tofu had a soft hands and did a wonderful job. He even wiped the tears away. Highly recommend
Erick, swing shift manager is amazing. Great guy thank you Erick for making our vegas trip amazing.
Food was DELISH!! Everything we got was amazing. Brussel Sprout Nachos come highly recommended!
Very good juices and bowls.  I especially love the acai bowl and the red headed irish drink.
Really good little place, very affordable. Ask Keith for one of his famous Beergaritas.
A great pre-fix lunch The zucchini soup was wonderful and the Salmon was perfect
I called them twice in an emergency, and they never responded!
Big fan of the fire and brimstone burger.
great burgers. great fries. cheap. just awesome.
Decent lounge, good music, fun crowd.
It is like going down to MEXICO without crossing the border!! love it!!!
Pretty well kept for an older store.  Use the self checkout for a speedy in and out.
by far the best sunday i've ever had anywhere!  hands down.  i wish i lived in cleveland, oh!!!
Was treated with great respect as I enter and was given a free order of garlic knots
Bellini with Mango!!! Fruit flavored alcohol... i think im in heaven
This place is great. Quick, clean and delicious. It even has good vegetarian options for my mum.
Most knowledgeable and honest car place around. Unbelievable  customer service.
.
Salvadorian food, Salpicon dish is amazing, very small venue, service is good and very friendly.
Love this place!!! Red Jade Chicken! I will bring friends and family here!
Love the Cobb salad here without the chicken!! There is already avocado and bacon bits! Yummmmmm!
Literally the best hot dog I've ever had. At least check this place out.
Veggie burrito is my favorite to eat but find it's inconsistent: can't beat the hot sauce though!
Very spicy. Very crowded. Do not recommend coming here. I want to like it, but I just don't.
Fabulous!! The fried chicken and waffles is a must!! Just as good as the famous one from Miami!
Love this place. Food was amazing. Staff were helpful and friendly. The atmosphere is great also!
Descent place has a post office inside and they offer loyalty program
I got a red velvet brownie. It was crusty and old. Ew.
Very friendly, welcoming and knowledgeable staff.  Wish my state would come to its senses!
I love this place great ambiance.. get the skewers, the dips all 3  for sure just delicious!
Service is killing this Dunkin Donuts.  Very rude workers and try to avoid it.
Love this company!!! Great service!!!! Totally worth it!!! All the technicians are wonderful.
This one's very cold no warm hotel Qi didn't sleep worth Office law, service life Phase is bad
I had a screw in my treads. Big O fixed the leak for free!!!  Really friendly staff too.
Fun. Two Golden Tee machines, pool tables, darts. Plain dive bar, with some decent food.
Awesome. I love their online order form and their pizza is the best!
Sandra rocked!....she made my waxing experience fun! I've already made my next appointment!
Chipotle style bowls, too bad they charge extra for extra salsa and food it's kind of cold.
Spoke with Augustine regarding second party deposits and he was very informatively helpful!
Great soup!  Good service and yummy food!  Try something different to mix it up.
Love this place! Delicious food, awesome service, and the peach cobbler is to die for!
Salt lassi is great.... dosa though not as good as home made, is still passable for a Vegas joint...
cute indy place. Mexican coffee was great
Fantastic! Great value- I highly recommend the shumai and the gyoza! Tempura lunch is fantastic!
I've been to a lot of weak clubs in my day but this is the worse one in history.  Don't bother.
Just see it..plain and simple. There aren't words to adequately explain it so no reason to try.
Awesome home cooked food, love the turkey coffee! Great have this in my community.
Everyone in the office is great. Dr. Joanna and Dr. Brian always take their time when treating you.
Nice smaller grocery, household and pharmacy.  Comes in handy for those little things you need.
Place is simply awesome. Has a cool and relaxing vibe, best hookah lounge I've gone to so far
speak some damn English please. Any English during my vist would be ok. Pedi and mani were averagr.
Great place.  Friendly staff. Good yogurt.
dig deep players..      u know what i mean!!
Our new favorite! Clean. No stinky smell! Good food. Generous portions of sushi. Fondue!
Dry meat and soggy vegetables. Too bad.
This is my favorite place for Friday fish fry. I can't find a better place in Madison.
Great food!! Great customer service!! Will recommend to everyone!! Love the breakfast burrito!!
Drink local. And enjoy doing it too. This wine is phenomenal. Get the cab or the sauvy b
Brian was very helpful and informative - I will definitely use them in the future.
Staff helped me as soon as I went in. Very clean and oh m n.... there was a huge selection
Excellent value, bad decor, and the food is good.
Great new place in Arcadia, good food and great beers.  The decor is so cool!  Friendly staff too
I can watch it all day. "Time to say goodbye" By Andrea Boccelli and Sarah Brightman is the best.
Always great service. They go above and beyond to make our trips comfortable.
Very Cool and very free. Best at night or from your hotel room if you have a good view.
Meatball and fried rice is amazing! however the waiting line to the top floor is rediculous
Loved my Mother's Day flowers!!! Thank you. I can tell you all work hard and love what you do!
horrible!!!! I won't recommend for no body.
Flavorful dishes arrive quickly accompanied by bottomless tea.
I have contacted Channel 13 News to investigate this company.
Avoid the buffet  if you don't want to feel heavy the whole day, little overpriced
Hands down one of my favorite restaurants! Excellent service, amazing food, good ambiance.
We have eaten here many times and have NEVER been disappointed!  We actually crave the food!  Yum!
Had a great experience with a tattoo from Scott today. Very kind artist with precise lines. Thanks!
Price is great! However, the sushi rice is tasteless. The taste of rice vinegar is missing!
i like the home fries here!  they know how to make a proper eggs benedict!
skincare: don't trust them  colour: see Rebecca or Avi  brow bar: see Danielle  perfume: get testers
Tried this out on a whim.   Service was slow.  Salsa was bland.  Food was greasy and missing flavor.
Good place for a reasonable breakfast. Breakfast burger with egg? Yes please! Parking was ample....
Solid Americano plus the usual selection bottled drinks.
My second home. Hands down, the ONLY place for swimmers in Charlotte.
Didn't like the pizza at all but thought the Gnoochi with tomato sauce was good.
Enthusiastic employees, open late but very very slow. Sunday @ 9pm, 25min line.
Belles r novations, un vent de fra cheur!   Jolie terrasse. Superbe boutique culinaire et bon caf .
Great seafood and chocolate souffles.  Outside seating is awesome with fire and water backdrop
Great addition to the Hilldale mall. Amazing brunch, great food in general. 5/5
Yummy, fast, fairly priced, and great service! I'll be back!!
Nice place.. Get a reservation before coming... Veggie skillet was good. Must try banana muffin...
Tasty, nice ambience, the halibut was superb, roasted cauliflower, roasted 1/2 chicken was so moist.
Busy busy restaurant w variety.. Ordered chiva burrito which was tasty as well, chivo taco.
This place is amazing! Best place on mill and Dominic is the man! Highly recommend coming here
Best donuts around.   Most of the staff is awesome!  Love supporting family business
Decent hot dogs
We're from out of town and we stopped them very good food definitely recommending it to anyone
Super cool people and great atmosphere and a wonderful place to pick up random chicks
Place has really good bowls very simple yet delicious.  Nice hefty size. Tat stef fresh and healthy
Oceans 11.    Always reminds me of the closing scene.  A Classic remembrance of today's Vegas.
Great experience, I felt the owner was honest and did a great job fixing my Honda Odyssey.
If you want love and attention for your pets Dr. Roach and his team , are the ones to goto.
Love it!!! Did an amazing job with my boyfriend cake. Would definitely recommend them.
Carries quite a few vegan and specialty food items at good prices. Friendly, helpful staff.
Food and service was great. A little pricey but good.
Slow service, appetizer came it with meal and slow to fill water glasses. Not worth the high price.
More for my buck!  $3.11 per gal today!
Below average bagels. Eggs had no taste. Fast service.
The dishes we ordered were good. But nothing really stood out.
I wish they were open till 4:05 it would be the only way I could ever eat there again.
great free attraction to see in Las Vegas... Very romantic and great for pics!
Everything was great the service it was really quick I enjoyed snob for the first time !
This was by far the best show I've ever been to! It was so much fun!!!!
This place is amazing, authentic Italian food, friendly staff. Pizza is amazing. Warm and welcoming.
Waited all day for Carne Asada Chimichanga and was not disappointed. Love there Carne Asada
My initial visit was not good at all, but upon returning they were a bit more pleasant.
Love this place glade there's one out here in the desert. Look out for their specials!
House egg foo young was outstanding.  Chicken lo mien delicious.  Sweet sour pork not that great.
Please please please give the steak sandwich with blue cheese a try. Absolutely amazing.
The buffet was average most of the food was sitting  for a while . A fair amount of selection
Very friendly staff, doctors & are great as well! Always easy to schedule an appointment!
Chinese food that reminds me from back in Hawaii.  My go to place for won ton mein & ginger chicken.
This place is spectacular!  Love this place, words can't describe :)
Best Yogurt place in South Chandler.  Lots of toppings and really good quality!
Pretty knowledgeable barber. Nice great looking shop with comfortable chairs and nice TVs
I paid $4.50 for 6 terrible onion rings. Wow. Either make them better or give me more, geez guys.
Great Staff - very caring & careful and pain free. Highly recommend them to any Dental Phob's
Worst service and the food comes out cold.
I stay here and only here when I go to Vegas.  The reason?  VIP all the way when I stay here baby.
Great restaurant. Don't confuse if for Totts in chandler. That place blows.
Fun and nostalgic.  highly recommend a trip here if you are in Pittsburgh
Excellent USO. Very friendly and knowledgeable volunteers. A must every time I'm here in Phoenix.
I really like their red curry and their salads are amazing!
A couple hairs on multiple occasions ruined my experience :(
The best haircut ever! Ashley is amazing she did what ever I wanted! I recommend to ALL
I'll go to Market Grocery over Starbucks any day
Always good food, quick service and good portions. Very reliable. One of my go to restaurants.
If not the best Italian, definitely the second best. Great Apps and nice and quiet atmosphere.
Jade both the salmon and beef tar tar... Great! Nice seating outside and great service!
Flavorful, delicious, and spicy vegan food! Loved the Bowl, which had homemade seitan and jackfruit
Awesome venue! Always great comedians, service and atmosphere. Go at least once a month.
Been to many Texas Roadhouse restaurants. Always great food. Huge portions. Management is very nice.
Wonderful experience!  Very relaxing and my nails never looked better!  Plus the Mani really lasts!
Carne asada fries and philly steak dog!!!
We're "opening" and "warming" to the Q... stay tuned.
I love this place excellent service good food  it's clean nice pizza restaurant so yamme
S O N I C is my favorite drive thru dessert spot. I'm a big fan of the vanilla waffle cone, yum !
Price change for certain customers and Carne asada fries only had a little bit of meat
We lived in Kansas City for 15 years and know good barbecue.   This is good barbecue!
Would I return? probably not. Was the food good? meh. Nothing that I would rave about.
Cool menu, great service, wine and vibe.  Easy and laid back place to chill for lunch or dinner!
Excellent rare beef Pho. Quick service at a good price. Definitely coming back for another one
At metro diner once again John A was awesome and food was incredible thanks guys !!!!
All about that meat jun! I wish we could pick our sides though when dining in.
Healthy, but my taste buds didn't "sing". Food was a little bland. Their smoothies are good.
Very good, healthy, food- even the salad :) ( I think my stomach just growled.)
Great place food is excellent and interesting.  Awesome beer and wine selection
gak!  never again!  slow service, out of items and expensive.  Once was too much!
Jonathan was are salesperson. He helped a lot with are choice. Newport Motors is awesome!!
Good food, music and service! Very comfortable pub to have some dinner and drinks at.
They have some flavors only found in Phoenix there. Nice people that make fresh ice cream.
Best place in ALL of Las Vegas!!!  Shon is an expert barber and the place is NEVER crowded
They treat you like family, suggested new food to try and all suggestions where great!
Hella good! I forgot what we got but everything was dope. Just a reminder to myself to come back.
Grrrrrrrreat breakfast. It was our first time, ever, there and the service and food was fantastic.
Beautiful facility...went here when we were at a baseball tourney in Arizona. Great place to hit
Company is terrible.  Full of lies and broken promises, Buyer Be Ware!!!!!
Stew, the bartender, always goes above and beyond to make sure our visits are pleasent!
Poor service. Don't bother. Had empty tables but didn't want to fill them with paying customers
this place is great!! The spicy noodles and regular pho taste good!
YUM! Quick and friendly service. Breakfast served all day. Their livermush is delicious!
I lose my office door key  ... And I got the best lock out service ever! Thank you Alan and Levi!!!!
Pita Jungle is back to complete food perfection!  Try the passion fruit iced tea.  YUM!
Dinner is expensive but give the lunch dim sum a try. Not worth dinner even with a groupon
Loved this place.  Great food, their pasta and pizza is fresh, different and good variety.
neon! mirrors! neon! fake gaslamps! fire that comes out of a pool of water!
This place was awesome great customer service !! Hairs cut is alway how I like it ...
Timely and courteous, plus did a great job on my car. I would recommend him to a friend.
at first I had sticker shock over the price, but it was worth it.  Best buffet in Vegas thus far.
Great Thai food! Been to Thailand many times and this is the real deal!
Great  trendy looking  place. Love their  tacos, corn on the cob and nachos!  Definitely  recommend
Great lunch specials, fresh and good taste. Way better than china go go!
Makes me kinda wish I had gone to ASU :(
This place just closed.  It was soooooooooo good.  Great family.  Breaks my heart :(
Had to go bagels and cheese . they were good . enjoyed it ar home. Will try other options next time
Great people, very friendly and we also get 2 free t-shirt when we're done too..Super fun!!!
I really enjoyed my donut, it was a nice treat. The coffee was pretty good too, I will visit again.
Food was mediocre at best.  Service was slow.  I don't think I'll return.  Just unremarkable...
Amazing Italian food in Vegas. Really has a NY feel and the atmosphere in here is perfect for dates!
Great food and service. The Thai fried rice isn't as spicy as some of the curry dishes.
Good healthy food choices and menu. Loved the scones. Food was prepared fresh and nice staff
The employees are great and the food is amazing. Highly recommended the shrimp entree and edamame.
Agreed! Poached eggs are perfect, orange juice freshly squeezed. Yum!
It sucks you guys never have the chicken soup :( but other than that, food is great as always.
Longest wait ever for amazing ice cream. Be prepared to wait 30 minutes for a blizzard.
Horrible customer service. Most of the staff have no knowledge of what they sell.
They have good menu . Food was ok. Fried rice was very good but was not happy with the lamb.
Linda was awesome!  Plan to make her my go to girl for nails while Im in town!
Mmmm. Good food, good prices, good service and comfortable booths! I will be back!
This place is awesome. It has the best Chicken Romano ever. You need to try it.
Just had the HK pan fried noodles, combination.  Excellent!
A wonderful selection of wines and helpful friendly service every time I have been here!
Great service and quality work! I was in and out within 30 mins after making a same day appointment.
Best smoke shop in town. Awesome mlm  selection and the best prices I've seen in Vegas
Meh, totally overrated AMERICAN. Totally not worth the wait! Go to Joey. ::::::::::::::::::
We came in like 3 days ago, the foods were ok but the service was good. They are really nice
Very tasty and good portion sizes. Recommend ordering well in advance for pick up orders.
The place looked like a great time because of the ASU game. We loved the bartenders.
Great ambience with wonderful cocktails. The shrimp sandwich was a huge portion and very good!
Fastest delivery of any of the top 5 Yelp sites in Henderson. Very flavorful garlic knots.
Great change of pace fast food, creative hot dogs, burgers. I'm full and very satisfied.
i like this place, but it is a little pricey for bar food. The salads and burgers are all excellent.
When they tell you they are going to call you when your pet's medication comes in....they don't.
Exceptional service received from A'Ryan Johnson he deserved a 5 star recognition
Awesome food will definitely go back once I get back to Vegas Biryani was off the hook thanks.
Excellence.  First time.  Have to come back for a detailed review.  You can tell I'm excited lol.
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the North Hills.  Excellent Tom Kha Noodle Soup.
I love to come here and eat! I often crave the tofu pad thai and tofu green curry.
Be prepared for a low key but high level feast.
The beer is good, but need more choice on the food menu!
Their food is on point  Asasa fries are a must!! Not to mention great customer service ;)
So yes I went there, the meal was good. I would love to say I would go back but I doubt it.
Lamb gyro with fries are delicious. Really great flavor. And the gyros are big with alot of meat.
We had a fresh, delicious dinner at Honey Salt. We will definitely go back next time we're in Vegas.
Great noodle bar will write a better review next time I'm there. It was a bit of a rushed meal
is this place still open? Tried to go on a Tuesday and all the lights were off and doors locked.
My new favorite Mexican restaurant. I have been eating there every week for the past seven weeks.
New favourite place in Marda loop - get the dolce e piccante pizza
My favourite weekend brunch spot in the neighbourhood. Pricey but worth a visit every now and again
Meh the music could be better. Very dead for a Saturday night but snake pit is pretty cool.
Awesome prices for car wash with live workers.  Free vacuums!  Best price I've found!
Gyros, baba ganoush, falafel & baklava were all excellent. Will definitely visit again.
Clean.  No nasty smells.  Dr. Cruz friendly as well as staff.  Transparent and upfront pricing.
Just checked in for a conference and Yelp sent me two free show tickets.  Feeling lucky already!
Very fun afternoon show. I would do it again as I hear he changes things up on a regular basis.
Pricey but yummy!!  Always good service no matter how busy. Good wine selection and excellent food!!
Great Food. Big taco portions, and the salsa bar is a plus! Must check out if nearby.
Unbelievable for a cai-lang dish for $10. We will never come back to this restaurant.
They did a good job, finished in the time promised, and gave great customer service!
We love this China a Go Go!  Great cashiers and the delivery drivers are always so friendly!
That's the house panini, it is a great place for friends enjoying great foods, and great services!
Average chinese buffet. Good food. Therere Better buffets around w larger food selections.
Way overpriced. I think they forget they are selling used items. Very unorganized as well.
Nice experience at the bar.  Rocket is great and beautiful.  But don't piss her off!  Lol.
Red Carpet & Vegas Terry run it.  No lines, no wait & no hassle - just a great time, everytime.
Our servicer Regan is on point! Thank you very much! Food is great. Place is cozy. Beer is great
Dog pee in elevators... enough said.   (photos attached)
Kennedy is awesome! Gold star for her.  Ordered 4 bottles of Rose for Sunday Funday! (:
Its alright, Ive gone with friends i wouldn't go on my own. Big reputation, okay food.
Great spot on Mill for breakfast or lunch. Clean & modern inside, great food, and quick service.
Closed Tuesdays fix that on your yelp and the location hours even if it is a "summer" thing.
Great blueberry pancakes served w/hot syrup & hot blueberry compote. Terrible coffee!
Best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever!
Owner was awesome! Food was awesome!
I always use Hertz when I rent a car.  I am a Gold Member and I just walk in and my car is ready.
Food is average, poor service though.  Seems like most sales are made on take-out orders.
Excellent breakfast! Service is down home & friendly! Craps are super cheap, too. Get there early!
Dr. Black was awesome! Nice, cordial, and competent.
Great selection of aged wood. A little expensive but they have a lot of hard to find stuff.
The carne asada nachos were soooo good!! Only thing thats not good is the price of the beer!
I am so disappointed on their sisig the service is slow.. no dont go here
Grant and emerald were awesome!    Very professional and the pizza was great like always.
fantastic. everything is great.   Last time I was there i had the bbq tofu, heaven.
Really good eggs and potatoes. I'd recommend the pork carnitas it was great on my breakfast skillet.
Great, fresh food.  Spotless environment.  Friendly staff.  The hummus rocks.
Food is great! Cheese steak is AMAZING!
If only all La Quintas were as nice as this one. Wonderful hotel.
I absolutely love Lavish Nail Lounge they do an amazing job and I highly recommend Bic.
Food is always good, staff is great, clean restrooms, and fair prices. Haven't had a bad experience!
This place is CLOSED permanently. Locked up with a chain on the door. Really slow service.
Absolutely excellent menu choices.  Miso salmon is the best tasting salmon dish I've ever eaten.
Cute little record shop, very nice staff.
Kind workers...very informative and thorough. Made sure everything was explained and understood
Service was quick, food was quick & hot, and the drinks kept coming. Yay for Snobsdale!
Finely crafted gelato made in house by the sweetest woman. A must try when in Vegas near the strip.
If you are a fan of a chewy ginger cookie, look no further. Perfection. She has them on Tuesdays.
I'm obsessed with Ikea! Everything about it is wonderful. Not to mention the awesome food!
Very impressed with the service and cleanliness of the store. Jay was very helpful. Thanks guys!
Cheap lunch specials. Thai fried rice was good.
Terrible. The worst I've ever had. The food was bland, overpriced, my hot meal came out cold.
Iced latte and chocolate chip scone were both great!
This pizza is killer,I totally recommended this delicious Americana staple comfort pie
closed.
Thank god the food was great! Service was so bad!
Very nice rooms, really old school. This place really makes you feel like royalty.
Absolute blast!!! The guys are sexy, funny and sweet. Have been twice and will go again!
Terrible meals.  Decent wonton soup. We will not be back.
Not delicious like we expect at Bojangles. Dry biscuits, no seasoning, not hot or even warm.
Excellent experience. Exciting and affordable.  Bring the kids because this is a lot of fun!!!
Best coffee I've ever had. Worth moving to Madison for. Lucky for me they sell beans on-line.
just stunning to walk through!  and gotta love the wax museum... $30 entrance fee.
Good gyros and  great galaktopoureko! Staff is really friendly and made for a great experience.
The best Chinese food in Las Vegas enough said!
Good wings but service is not the best! They try hard but young and inexperienced! But always nice!!
Wonderful food. Excellent service. Clean bathrooms. Been here several times and never had an issue.
My favorite restaurant so far! Amazing food! Is a small restaurante but is everithing 5 starts
Love this shop and the variety they have. Their staff is always friendly and fun to interact with!
Timely and thorough. Came early so I could go to work without missing time. Friendly.
Excellent Pho!   Really good deep tasting broth and all the fixing were delicious.
Very rude, stupid people work here. Selection is ok but not worth dealing with the staff.
Rude staff! Avoid the macaroons, they are flavorless and basically fall apart at first bite.
Good place for a quick breakfast sandwich. Inside the Cosmopolitan.  Clean and line goes quick.
All you can eat Sushi for $20 and the Sushi is excellent as well as the staff. I love this place!
Great cheesesteak friendly servers great game atmosphere just spot on with everything will be back
One of the greatest museums I've ever visited. How very lucky we are to have this place!!
food was good but they don't have smaller portions, I'd like to try more variety
Great rotating beer selection. Great staff. Colorful characters nightly lol.
Love the Twisted Fork. Try the eggs benny..!
Everything went off without hitch, just what you expect from hertz No. 1 Gold service.
i love eating here for lunch and always have...best tortilla chips in town
Amazing coffee shop with a delicious breakfast pastry and very fair prices.
Amazing quality and service. James, YOU THA MAN!!!!
Great bread, good food and wine at right price. I'll come back. The service was outstanding.
Pretty cool place. Everyone in there are very RUDE too you, but that's their theme. It's fun to try.
Best hamburgers and sides anywhere.  Great service and value for the price.  Highly recommend
Made an appointment for 530pm. 30mins later still waiting. Whats the point of making an appointment.
We really like this gym, I love the options of classes and we love the childcare!
Our tint is beautiful. Victor was quick, professional and affordable. Highly recommend
LOVE THE BEANS! Great food and great family owned restaurant,been coming here for years!
Cool spot. But YUCKY food. If you go for a drink and people watching your good but DO NOT EAT
Delicous food, I'm not a fan of the portion size for the price.
The meat was great, the potatoes not so much tiramisu cheesecake was delicious.
OMG! This is the most wonderful Mexican food in Vegas!  I'll come again and again. And great staff!
Great name for a company. Except they don't cater unless you have 10000 people and a corporate tent.
Good choice for any taste. Great lunch place!
Best Short Ribs in town!  Great place!
The Best French Onion Soup In Montreal   (Their tartares are pretty darn good too)
Dash, fresh, and just-like home cooked + a free chocolate chip cookie with each meal!
Outdoor garden, fixed menu,  Not BYOB anymore
Shrimp wontons can't get any better! Feb 2016 - work lunch.
Great pastries at very reasonable prices. I wish there was more seating though.
Meh. I've experienced better. The staff is friendly. Just basic chinese food.
Food for brunch was decent but waitress was rude. Also, ambiance is a little too close for comfort.
Very very good food and extremely friendly! Many choices to select so we will be back.
Best breakfast place in the area service was excellent and food came out in a timely manor
Eddie rocks! This place is bumping what th music and great vibe! Drinks and menu for everyone!
Sat in their outdoor patio enjoyed pot stickers, fries, and great selection of beer. Good fun place.
Best late night food ever.. Menudo is always good and the beans omg..
Food was great!  My compliments to the Chef, and our Server was very pleasant as well.
Great food great music!!!  This place is fun, and the food is authentic Mexican food.
Terrific food, friendly owners.  I think lunch here sealed the deal for my son to attend Pitt.
Awesome service.  Will definitely go back. Had my eyebrows threaded and tinted. Love the results.
Best Popcorn....I love the cheese...I love the souvenir cups!
Delicious gelato, lots of flavor options. The staff is very nice, my family goes here regularly.
Simply said, Bianca's Restorant  sucks! Horrible food, rude service and high priced!
Great spot to beat the heat, grab an ice cold draft, and hang with the chill crowd and staff.
Got kicked out because it was 3 of us and they only allow 2 at a time..very distasteful!
Fantastic Service,  Fantastic Food, Worth the $$$. Breakfast/Dinner are both great.
Super quick response, tech on time and helpful.  Easy payment options.  Would highly recommend!
So tired of the poor service at this theater. Ordered a pizza and half the crust was rotten.
Coffee shop w dozen beers on tap.  Great for the coffee drinking Harley contingent.
Delish margaritas. Very hospitable staff. Cute decor. Definite must visit in Scottsdale.
Has to be one of the best, if not THE BEST Italian in Las Vegas!  Highly recommend it!
Good food! Very smokey! Don't wear your nice clothes! Great food! Great bartenders! Awesome dive!
Great price and quick cut
The herb salmon with roasted vegetables was cooked and seasoned perfectly very delicious meal.
Terrible , they will rip you off !i went there with reservation and they charged three times it
Yummy thai tea and green tea! Food is great! The service is awesome. Reasonably priced.
They are fast considering how busy they are. Excellent customer service skills and quality work.
Worst service on Saturday night. It used to be better. The waiter and manager were rude.
Best pizza in the West Valley.  As good as Chicago pizza
Great Customer service!!!!! welcoming by the owner, Best International Hot Dogs EVER!!!??
Great supportive coaching! Owners are so nice & care about the success of your child.
Impeccable service department!! I was very impressed with the level of service provided!
This is the best place for authentic Italian food.The sandwiches are excellent!!!!!
Food is great everything is really good!!  The only problem we had we asking for water..
The food was OK, but the service was slow.  This restaurant is really small and crowded.
Love this place,  if I'm splurging this is where I'm going.    Everyone is super friendly.
Hostess-Idiot. Server-Cunt!. Food-Disgusting. This locstion is way too ghetto. Avoid it!
Simple quick Chinese meals. Portions are above average. Taste is average for the low price
I love this place! Good portions, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, and the food is delicious!
Super bon service! Bouffe parfois in gale, mais vaut d finitivement la peine d'y tenter sa chance!
Delicious crepes. Endless hot water for tea.
Great meatball sub. Excellent service especially from Jake and Adam! Will definitely have again!
French dip burger was wonderful! And the wind address great too.  It is a bit pricey though
I was taught at a very young age to keep my mouth shut if I have nothing good to say. 'Nuf said.
I had a great taco and beer.  I like the place. But nobody chats with me, not even the bartender.
Fun event for dogs.  See my video of our day at Pet Palooza https://youtu.be/l3mI95ru0nU
Tacos didn't have much flavor. Once the onions, chilis and salsa was added they were decent.
I tried black sesame and coconut icecream with the fish waffle, it taste delicious.
I always park here for the airport. Wonderful, courteous, helpful drivers.
First time visit yesterday and it was amazing. Henry is amazing! My nails are amazing!
Awesome dj and exellent bar selection.
Nice bar but needs bigger tvs in bar area.  Good service.  Plugs right at the bar is a super idea.
One thing I miss about Henderson, great food, Egg Flower soup, mongolion beef.  Nice Atmosphere.
This place was a lot faster then I thought it was going to be the bacon egg and cheese was great!
I love frys!
Love this sushi place ate at sakanas for awhile but I will never go back this place is the best!!
Very delicious pizza. Fast delivery too. I highly recommend this to the rest of community.
You can't go wrong with Bertha's. Just go! Get anything. It's all good!  :)
We did the fortune teller room. It was so hard- but tons of fun! We would love to go back!
Food is authentic and the portions are huge! You will not leave unhappy literally I mean it!
There are better places in old town Scottsdale
Great food but I find the pizza a little undercooked and doughy - however I am a fan.
GROSS. undercooked chicken, slow delivery, no flavor. would not recommend this to anyone
I noticed a new staff member recently and she was very pleasant and brightened my day!
Danielle knows what she's doing! You can trust her with *ahem* delicate services.
Great atmosphere. Great food. They have vegan menu. Ate the vegan pizza which was  amazingly tasty.
Je suis un fan,je suis compl tement givr  .
AWESOME food and friendly service! The soups and sandwiches are delicious!
this motel sucks!! never going to stay in thsi Arizona dumpe ever again.
Amazing experience! Love my nails both toes and fingers. Great service and will definitely go back!!
The chicken was moist.  The portion are good for the price.
Best BBQ I've ever had.  Owners are great people.  Very welcoming and friendly.  5+ stars!!!
Food was amazing! So good the desserts never ended, the creme Brule. Going back tonight!
Fun place. Cool throw back games.
False advertisement and shitty customer service = dumb.
It would be great if Macy's knew that not only skinny people go to prom.#fatgirlsneedlovetoo
Clean and well-lit. Wide selection of Filipino dishes.
Delicious food at a good price! So happy a great Indian place is finally back in this neighbourhood!
#addicting #inhousemade #healthy # always new flavors .. need I say more? Be there later tonight.
Update: They added lots more space, and a terrace! Yay!
One of the best lunch places in Montreal. Must visit! Outdoor seating and good service
The food was very good. The waiters were a little weird but polite.
Great pizza.. Great appetizers.. Chicken Parm pizza is the best.  Highly recommend.
Best of Las Vegas 2017!!! Fantastic food and service. Do you self a favor and stop by.
Big tequila selection. Terrible food. Bad, no, REALLY BAD Tex-Mex. everything was cold and sick.
American breakfast, nothing particularly special. The atmosphere and decor were mediocre
It was pretty good. Good selection of food. Would not be my first choice to eat.
It is the best Persian restaurant in Montr al. Kebabs  are excellent and service is so perfect.
The dragon berry mojito is delicious and so is the guacamole! The enchiladas suck though- skip those
Great food. Unfortunately, they get real busy and it's like a sit down fine dinning experience.
Quick delivery and great food! Definite must try. The crispy chicken balls were perfect!!
Great place to tailgate!
Surprisingly good pizza from a sub shop! Nice crust and sauce, a good amount of cheese.
Great prices and ambiance. I really lined the tacos. Lots of selection and great service.
Favourite lunch spot ever. Panini's are so delicious. Must try! Really cute place too.
Yummy BBQ and awesome service. Side dishes are the best. Also clean and upbeat atmosphere.
Wonderful Easter brunch.  Fresh food and friendly service.  Bagels are best in the area.
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants. The lunch special is awesome. The Orange chicken is amazing.
Bad service as paid for 10 session and only ending getting only 6.
Great beer selection.  Decent bar food.  If you like TVs, you're gonna love this place.
Brand new restaurant  with the kitchen staff from New York, amazing find!
We were staying not far away. So we were happy to find a vegan pizza place that used Daiya
I have been going here for awhile as well as my whole family has he is great and honest!
Great selection, satisfies all tastes. Service was attentive and friendly.
Wonderful massage... my wife and I cane here and it was amazing!!  I would highly recommend!!
The burgers were ok...I really didn't see what all the hype was about.  Expect a long wait!
Love this place, authentic pizza- great salads & pasta. Friendly staff - so glad to have this place.
Nail in our tire on a 4th of July weekend road trip - these guys saved us! Such great service!
Paciguo Gelato has been closed since Nov 2009 at Norterra.
Great food always. Service slow tonight, but will always come back as we love this place!
Finally a worthy bagel joint in the area. The have Boars Head meats, somthing i have missed from NY.
Ok place. The food wasn't as good. There are better options around. I had their drunken noodles.
Excellent food and service!!! Fast and friendly. I'm so happy I discovered this restaurant.
The bartender refused to serve my friend a water because she wasn't buying anymore drinks.
I tried the vegetarian balls and I haven't been able to stop thinking about them since. Loved it.
i love it because it has the best breakfast, lunch and dinner menus in old statesville rd.
Very friendly and good food. A bit pricey for the portions but overall good!
I will never stay here again!! Hire some housekeepers that can clean. Our suite is dirty & dusty.
I order from Nates for lunch during the week. Always made quick, warm and with lots of flavor.
Had the Firecracker shrimp with garlic noodles this time and it was yummy.
This place is always fun.  Can't come to the area without visiting.  Great service, food and fun.
Sangria and truffled potato chips with Maytag blue cheese. Mmmmmm.....
The food and service have been amazing for the 11 years I've been eating here. Those nachos....yum.
 2 ( ) 
Mmm mmm... Freshly made noodles!  it was aighttt
So great and cheap we absolutely love this place! Oh and the staff is incredibly nice!
Their fried rice is the best I've ever had! Take out is ready in 10 minutes. Courteous staff.
Thoroughly enjoyed our meal, great food and great service.  We will definitely return.
Cadre super cosy! Ambiance super! Drinks tres abordable et carte de bouffe tres fournie!
Tr s bon restaurant, fruits de mer excellent seul probl me table trop pr s une de l'autre
Bad .. no word for this place ... Groupon is the blame... shouldn't never bought it ...
Super espresso!  Good wine selection.  Kind service.  (disclaimer: I have sold wine to them)
They are the best pizza's ever!
Great place to watch movies! The chairs are awesome! The theater is clean and well maintained.
Beau bar , vraiment bonne ambiance . Bonne musique !!!  Jj'adore le design r tro tr s r ussi .
It is really good place to get nail done, so relax  I would like recommend this place.
Friendly and helpful staff, good food - nice outdoor seating which is hard to find in Squirrel Hill.
My favorite spot ....  Can't visit Las Vegas without making a stop at the peppermil!!!
It's hit and miss here. Sometimes it's the best ever and other times we feel we wasted our money.
Totally worth the price. Better tgan Little Cesar s and cheaper! !
Decent special on PBR and interesting atmosphere. Decent spot for a pint!
Thank you to Yelena and Jessie for always doing an awesome job. Never disappointed. :)
The food is really good and service fast and friendly.  A place I do recommend and will return to.
Lightening fast arrival. Even faster lockout service. No doubt I'll use his service again!
This caribou will be closing April 14, 2013 :( Too bad. SO many good memories and great staff.
Excellent #glutenfree food + customer service! Highly recommended from #TheFoodClick!
Worst service ever! Horrible bloody marys and wait staff had no clue what they were doing.
Rigo, took care of me. And got me straight thank you. I'll be back for my other 3 tires.
Been visiting the Grey Goat for years.. love the patio.. Food is good too!
Decent nigiri, sashimi, rolls, and edamame.
Excellent food.  If you want real Jamaican cuisine made with love and care this is the spot!
Amazing pad thai. It's my new favourite spot. Food is quick and taste amazing. Never had to wait.
A smoothie from "Tropical Smoothie" is never a bad choice, yummy wraps if your tummy needs more!
Delicious Italian style food! Fabulous suggestions by Michelle! Love the relaxed atmosphere.
You have to try Kimberly's Bloody Mary's at Ray's bar! They are excellent! She is very friendly
Very attentive.  Great massage.  Definitely worth treating yourself.  Will go back again.
Their Huevos Rancheros is the best!!! Everything is so fresh- every single time I am here (:
the food here was very good. liked the service. loved the flavored teas.
I love this place, for a light meal I have the small toastata... Delicious
Great alternative to cupcakes.  Love the red velvet!
Absurdly massive burritos. Beyond that it's just pretty typical Mexican.
Always great breakfast!  The chocolate chip pancakes are amazing and the muffins are spectacular!
Wonderful food, great service. Amazing wine. Such a unique place. Will be back for sure.
These guys make bao's as good as you'd get in China. Among the best you'll get anywhere.
I love this place!! great food great customer service! The Euro fries and Angry dog are awesome!!!
Always trying to do our best to accommodate everyone's needs. But sometimes things don't go as plan.
Love Ling & Louie's! The Tom Kha Gai soup is out of this world!
Super awesome authentic Chinese food! And there is a lot of variety so it never gets boring~
This place is so good. I really enjoyed the old school feel, and our waitress was awesome.
great crowd but food is not good. tried on two different time would only go back to drink
We wanted greasy good food and we got it! Not the best service, but that was to be expected.
The worst experience ever. Never stay here or dine here. Worst customer service and people.
Love their Pad See Ew!!  I always stop by for lunch. Fast service and super friendly staff.
They have really really really good pizza and food.. But dont eat this if ur on a diet lol
Loved the Butter Chardonnay. Also the Fanny Bay oysters with the champagne pearls. Yummm
Very slow service make sure you have time. Food is good. Little high but the wait sucks.
The broth is lacking flavor You have to request a soft boiled egg Noodles are good for the price.
Gotta love 1/2 price bottles of wine.  Tuesdays are my favorites there.  Plus the staff is awesome.
Small donuts! GO TO BOSA DONUTS. Or, just circle K or QT.... don't waste ya time folks
excellent place to greatr desserts  wonderful variety the wait staff are a bit on the pushy side
Um. Yum!   A dream come true. Cookie delivery. Late night. The BEST.
great food and great Pho. other dishes are also very tasty. the chef is a very nice lady!
Loved it. Me and my girlfriend went sat at the bar and enjoyed are ourselves. Good vibes.
Great taste, nice atmosphere, okay prices.
Excellent food, great atmosphere, family-owned. A Tempe gem.
Great UFC bar - no cover charge - Great drink specials - food's pretty good, too.
This is the best deli in all of Las Vegas. The cookies are always great.
Great and amazing place to go with cute frienfs for lunch..they have very fresh fish so yummy
Very quick. First visit and got adjusted. I feel better already. Thanks Dr. P and Lisa!
This is my favorite consistent cup of coffee.  Predictably tasty.
Vraiment bon,tr s belle ambiance,beau bar,personnel tr s courtois et bon prix JADORE jy retourne!
What an outstanding group of cleaners. I am pleased every time. And the price is GREAT too!
But seriously, how does a half pound burrito make me 3 pounds heavier? Love must weigh a lot..
This place is soooo good! Best pizza in Gilbert! Everything else is top notch as well
Have been coming here for just over 5 years now. Always friendly staff and great vets.
I loved the show!
Place is amazing, Dr roach is the best!! Staff is super friendly i think we have found our new vet.
We were a large party and the staff was amazing.  I will definitely visit the Saigon Kitchen again.
Service was good but the food was lacking. Most was way over cooked from sitting to long.
Hands down Best Sushi Joint in Phoenix!! The OMG roll and spicy Blue Fin roll are fantastic.
Had the mint chip, red velvet and blueberry cupcakes. All very yummy
Sadly, Greek Chef is no more. Fortunately, Pita Shack has taken over and its good too.
Great food, terrible service - I recommend it only if your eating TO GO.
Andy does a great job coffin shaped nails pro status! Will go back with him! Worth the pay
Repaired my flat tire at no cost! Extremely honest and friendly! Highly recommend!
Not only the best vegan pizza I've ever had, but the best pizza I've ever had! Quality and care.
Great in concept, lacking in flavor. I wish they had a better area to sit.
The best authentic Mexican food there is and the staff are wonderful. They are always helpful
Way over priced!! Rude employees!! Not worth the value. So complicated to get started.
Yeah great food service and atmosphere  Chicken salad sandwich amazing  Prices great too.
Great ambiance, huge portions, friendly staff. Come here for the real Vegas experience.
Great portion sizes and the service was very good!
Paige is super awesome and I love the environment here! Totally recommend this place to friends!
The best sandwiches in Vegas!!!!! Get a few and save them to eat when you're drunk ;-)
Good pizza, sometimes the service stinks, but I suppose they make it up with fresh ingredients.
Great food. I lived in Asia for 4 years,and this is the closest to authentic that I've found.
EXCELLENT FALAFEL WRAPS 9/5/17 excellent stop for quick food after hiking. thank you!!
Fraud does not pay money, unable to reach ...DO NOT BUY STAY AWAY does not respond to phone calls.
Food is always yummy!!! My favorite place! The tacos are yummy! My favorite is the spicy fish! Mmmm
4 out of 5! Especially great after clubbing! I recommend the shrimp burrito
Very convenient to be inside the LensCrafters! Quick service too, nothing to really complain about.
Really clean restaurant. Just had the shawarma poutine, it was amazing, huge and cheap.
Fixed my dishwasher. Great service and very honest. Will be calling again in the future.
Mr Vac & Sew fixed my sewing machine.  Who knew it could work so well!  Great job!
Love the Greek salad! Good size and everything seems so fresh! My BF liked his gyro too!
Sarah is awesome! Borders Grille has the best servers and food and don't forget bottomless Mimosas.
Candace Tooke does our taxes...she is excellent.
First time eating here was pretty good. Had the open face roast beef. Waitress was great.
Made my switch to Dutch Bros!!   Love the variety and the staff is super super friendly
I love the food here. The best fried rice in Vegas. The combo fried rice is to die for.
One of the better Thai places in town to eat. Will. E coming back here again for sure
High end bar at the Venetian hotel. Unique cocktails. Has nice seating. Open late at night.
Easily the best pho in Montreal- broth is excellent.
Fuck you guys. Assholes and so ridiculously fucking slow. Scammed me for more money. Hahaha.
Very professional - same day visit was not a problem. It's best to text and also call.
Nice and new and friendly service.  Some staff seem new so they might need a little bit of patience.
i hate this wall mart its soo small and dirty and the staff are rude
tried the cardio barre with live accompaniment. very cool. nice facility (of course).
Great place to take your car. Service was great. I know where I'll be taking my car from now on.
Nice dark atmosphere, fast friendly service, and good tasting, good size potions all at a low price.
Usually go here for some late night burritos :) Price and service is fair.  No complaints here.
Just had some of their tres leches cake last night...very good!
Best margaritas in town!  Food is affordable & very delicious! Best chicken tacos I've ever had!
Interesting place if you're looking for hard to find Spanish knickknacks.
Got some fresh lasagna sheets. Turned into dinner fantastically easy and tasted great.
Every time I come here the staff is amazing as well as the food. Wouldn't change a thing.
He said I'd be dreaming about his dogs later. I ate 2 and wanted 5 more. This dude is legit.
Best chicken. So delicious   I ordered a family meal to go, tons of food. its totally worth it.
Great job with the interactive displays. The kids enjoyed seeing science in a fun new way.
Damn all the broads that work hear are hot!!!!  Especially the two blondes at the door
I love this place the best. I've gone there for many years and he always does it terrific job
When you order delivery from here you get to eat with your screwdrivers or maybe a stick! Thank you.
Grand Opening Special! Free eyebrow!!  The correct phone number is 702-485-2415
I would hate for you to order food late at your local Fox and Hounds in Huntersville.
The food is usually pretty good when I go. Nothing to die for but it's pretty good.
Rip-off  $9,99 for small sandwich, go to Planet  Hollywood $6,99 same sandwich and better taste
great stadium
Awesome place, great vibe and music. Out here celebrating and this place was so much fun.
fun and friendly service, they helped my grandson understand and choose a great drink!
great pho . long wait , but you then that the food is fresh
Love it!!! Crust makes the difference and this place has the best! Wonderful staff and vibe.
Very good food. Atmosphere is attractive and light.   The chocolate souffl  was VERY tasty!
Great place for post colonoscopy breakfast with my honey.  Her colonoscopy not mine!!
One of the best Americanized Mexican restaurants in the valley. Loved their burritos.
1st timer here and we loved the garlic knots and pizza! Our server Chris was awesome!!!!
Superb location; pleasant ambience; excellent cuisine; and great service.
John did my piercing today, he was awesome. I will always go to this shop from now on!
To summarize the drinks are awesome, the service is terrific and the ambiance is beautiful
Gross. Worst Indian I have ever had. Cold bone in chicken thighs in my Biryani is not cool.
This place is amazing. Best dining experience of my life. So happy I went here for my birthday.
They did a great job repairing our sliding glass door. Very friendly and professional. Thanks!!
I travel from Glendale to Phoenix just to get my eye brows done here. Can't trust anyone else.
Awesome food and quantity of food was also good. Try their Shai Panner. It's really good
Well run breakfast/lunch spot! Food was great. And service spot on! Thank you, Brandy!
Liked the Caprese salad and the Cajun chicken. Cool place to chill.
Yummy yummy  love the fries. I wish the portions were bigger. Friendly staff and hot food
Pros: Large portion size at an affordable price.   Cons: N/A
Apparently, this 24/7 Steak N' Shake doesn't answer the drive thru or the phone at night.
Yum! I had delicious sushi, nice atmosphere and friendly server. We will come back for sure!
I highly recommend going here for any piercings! The staff is very professional and friendly.
They're really awesome
Nice place to sit outside in good weather and good friends for cocktails and appetizers.
Great mom and pop korean place. Good quick service and tasty banchan. No complaints here.
Best pizza in town, traditional ny style and they also have sicilan which is my favorite
Great, food just found my new favorite place A+ staff members are super friendly quick service
So happy to have this place nearby!  We love the boneless wings!  Staff is super friendly!
Bad news...this place is closed! Sorry folks! No mas!
Great spot.  All hand made and hand carved meats in the sandwiches.    And Roxy is Foxy
delicious food and the best dim sum in las Vegas. The service is okay.but they ofthe very busy.
Tr s beau lieu, bonne ambiance c'est dommage qu'il est ferm  ces portes le 30 septembre.
Great food, service and classic music. I come here ask the time when visiting my mom!
Freshest Donuts in the area... the churro donut is sure to kill any sweet tooth you have.
Had a really good meal. Loved the variety of fish tacos and they had a lot of vegetarian options too
It's a good place to come for cheap shakes and food. Once, their sign read "All Men Under $4"
Best Veterinary Hospital! Such wonderful care and compassion from the entire staff.
Ordered a lemon cake for a dinner party.  A huge hit!  Great prices for lovely cake.
Great customer service!  Except the many many fees for this and that.
I lost count of how many times I came here. It's just a pleasure to eat here everytime. A1
Great. Family run and operated. Everything was exceptionally fresh and tasty.
I like the food at Chick-fil-A. It makes me happy thinking about it. And the fries... Oh the fries
One of the best places in town.  Love the food and the wine.  Great date place.
didn't have any problems here first time being at a Indian restaurant and i enjoyed it
Food was good,but seriously I pay $10 for pancake,eggs,and only 2 slice of bacon.not worth $10:(
Slow service. Typical diner food. Probably won't be back.
Nice little breakfast place that's hopping.  Atmosphere is good and the food is pretty tasty.
Fantastic  service and products! Thank you!
We loved this place. We enjoyed our wine tasting and the winery tour. Thank you "Professor"
Place was good.  Small and very authentic which i liked!  Very pleased with the place
$14 for a meal give me a break way too much ripping people off I would not recommend the place
Best Greek Restaurant in town!!
Amazing Butter Chicken and spicy vegetable curry really hit the spot! garlic naan very garlicly !
The donuts here are good however it's the service I am rating. The server was impolite.
Poutine as well as the staff is on point....  Come one, come all to this gem of a pub
Great service-got me in on really short notice. Very professional and great hand wash at the end!
Yelp refunded the money for Woo Che's Yelp deal.   Thank you Yelp :)
Pulled pork, bbq beans and potato salad. And of course, all the sauces. Slap yo grandmama good!!!
Very decent!  Atmosphere is nice, a little cookie-cutter, but pleasant.  Coffee is fair.
Bartenders are rude, added drinks to our tab that weren't ours. This place isn't worth the time.
Top Notch Service.... Perfect communication, Fast, Professional and Inexpensive
Awesome staff, great arrangements, good prices and VERY accomadating.
Horrible customer service. They were too busy to give me a quote. What a joke of establishment.
Best philly cheese steak in Arizona. I use to think Geno's had the best until I ate here.
Best Brunch you will ever have and good customer service in Montreal, must visit place
many choices even chinese food not expensive   good 
Awesome servers:  accommodating, with pleasant dispositions.
Great food, cheaper than other places, quick, nice delivery person. I highly recommend!
Delicious! Great service, very generous with meat proportions, very spicy and inexpensive! Love it!
Great Sushi spot. Nice staff and wonderful food. T
Very good sandwiches - a big noisy from the roller coaster above
Great food. Great service. Mark went out of his way to make sure we were taken care.
Small cozy atmosphere. They have many choices and feee samples. Great small batch ice cream
Wonderful food!  If your near North Las Vegas you need to stop here!  Highly recommended to all!
Best veggie breakfast wrap ever. Fresh ingredients, served hot, grilled just right. Worth the stop!
The black bean/plantain empanadas are so yummy!! And they have great vegetarian options.
Excellent food and always great service, even when they are slammed. Will keep coming back.
Best cheesesteaks in the valley! Closest to Philly I've found!
Fresh. Cash only. Skip the coffee. You'll pass the strip mall if you aren't careful.
Amazing, real Chinese food. Quiet environment with excellent food.
Very clean, very friendly people. Okay breakfast, small indoor pool. I would stay here again.
worst meal ever!!! food came out cold....bad service... old brown guacamole!!! dont do it!
Great diner.  Great milkshakes, burgers, fries  (big portions of excellent properly fried fries!)
I ate at this location the last weekend in May.  It was okay.  I enjoyed the Easton location better.
Chipotle meets gourmet enchiladas. That's what is going on... and I like it.
Great location, good food and fabulous setting. A do again , especially with visitors.
the ramen was okay, but was not really a fan of the katsu or gyoza (chicken).
The girls in Wicked @ Sola Salon love Stephen & his delicious BBQ! Never disappointed!!!
The outside of this hotel looks old and run down but the rooms and lobby are clean and modern.
cute little record shop. Very nice staff.
Really funny and entertaining show!  We were a group from 7-44 yrs old and we all loved it!
6 days have come and gone.  No one seems to care about their customs. I've had no response
Low key is so fun and the best place on mill!! Thanks Dominic for the awesome service :)
Customer service is terrible and they charge higher prices than other Subway stores, stay away!
Cool, small concert venue. Bar is decent. Some good beer, including some East End
Awesome burgers and fries. Crew was friendly and fast. Great lunch date with my daughter!
Dr. Collins is great. He is caring and really has given me excellent care for my hip.
Amazing food, great staff and wonderful service. Definitely going to be coming back for lunch soon
Found some nice (jazz/soul/blues) records, many still sealed. Pricing is good.
Car was ready and cleaned upon arrival. Being a gold member/ presidential everything was a breeze.
Getting my hair colored by the One and Only GINGER. She is amazing! This salon is so cute.
Orange chicken we ordered tonight taste more of vinegar. Made my husband and parent's tummy upset.
I like the outlet shopping mall since they have an outrageous selection of shops and clothing!
Ambiance super chaleureuse. Parfait pour relaxer ou bosser en grignottant un bon bagel et un th . .
This place used to be great, but has really gone downhill.  Don't expect a true pub atmosphere.
Well as the last brick and mortar store I shopped at... have fun in bankruptcy.  Amazon prime FTW!
Fast response, professional and reasonably priced, will use them again if my AZ goes down again.
Come here and they will give you good food or fix it. Waiter was superb!
Service was good. Food was great. Best Mexican restaurant around. Chicken chimichanga was excellent.
Great work. I've had them do two jobs (3 bathrooms and 2 hallways) and and the work comes out great.
Very entertaining! The costumes and set were awesome. We thoroughly enjoyed the entire show!
I just are there for the first time and it was fantastic! It has that old school diner taste.
Nice mall with some upscale shops and restaurants around it. Good place to kill a few hours.
Hammer Konzept, nette Bedienung, kein Plastikgeschirr.  immer, immer wieder!!!!!!
Great food and great service! Everyone is always happy to see you. This is my go to philly shop.
Delicious food and friendly service, good for birthday dinners.
Good flavor but the ribs were like room temperature. The dragon balls are worth the drive !!!!!
Great food great service.  The paratha's and behari kebab's are the best.  Highly recommended.
Great food friendly fast service. This place is a winner!
Lobster Supreme was supreme!!  Service was fast and friendly.  Would come here again.
Great to work with and reasonable on price! Will be going back to clean genie for sure!
First time here. Great food (taste, presentation, portion); excellent service; price is reasonable!
We love the pizza, evening after he sold the business.
Un peu cher mais en vaut largement la peine
Pretty funny!
Love it. Had a Gandolfo. Lots of flavor, quality was great! They even offered a wheat roll.
Having a suite was great, loved the bathroom, not sure worth extra $ for view
Wanda and Lisa are ausome bar maids. Great service. Get the bigger big boy. It is great.
Really flavorful, decently priced for a healthy meal, and super filling so I had lots of leftovers!
My girlfriend gets her nails done by Nelson and they're always perfect! Highly recommend.
Authentic Sichuan cuisine! It would be a great place to eat if the service gets improved.
Insane that they are open 24 hours. Bonus: food is awesome. I am definitely coming back.
We had dinner there tonight and it was very good. The food was fresh, the employees were pleasant.
Pretty sick joint but there was a lemon in the lime bucket which kinda rubbed me the wrong way.
Not good at all! The five star review is not at all trustable...Its kind of waste of money..
Absolutely gorgeous!  Plan at least a day here as each garden is more wonderful than the next.
Just magical. Unbelievable. and really pretty.
amazing! worth every penny. the pulled pork is the best i've ever had. eat here.
Didn't ask for guac in my burrito.... But thats okay, Who doesn't love free guacamole!
Great food! If you want Italian this is the place to go! Great homey atmosphere to the place also
Super resto. Copieuses portions et surprise agr able dans l'assiette.
Hidden gem inside the casino - dim sum is soooo good!
Super delicious! Only complaint was the wait! Will be back for the Nutella crepe
Nice and clean place. Ordered the thai red curry! Loved it. I'm definitely going back here again!
One of the BEST of Las Vegas!!!! Mac King is just Brilliant!!! A MUST see if your coming to Vegas
Friendly staff. Good quality sushi. Ayce $21.99 for dinner. And happy hour prices on Sunday.
So helpful and efficient! Got a same day order so quickly. Will definitely use their services again.
A great place to get in shape and get your sexy on. The staff is very friendly and empowering.
awesome hotel - incredible rooms and service. Still one of the best properties in Vegas
Sushi is okay. Service needs to be better. Good discount for MWU student and good happy hour.
Absolutely love the Kirkland branded items. Seems like I have rent a truck whenever I go there. LOL
Parking is definitely tight but worth it. Slightly pricey but otherwise the food is great!
Best schwarmas in the city... And portions are unbelievably huge!! (and I have a huge appetite)
These guys are pros. Arrived on time and went right to work. Highly recommended.
This is the best tai food in  the area.  Great customer service great food and affordable!
Can't use my Starbucks Gold card, and highest prices I've ever seen. Coffee is on par.
Best asian market in vegas! I love getting all my korean food here.
Service was ok but cut was rushed and ended up not turning out very good. Not going back
One word....horrible!!  Never eat here!  Horrible food and staff!  Doesn't even deserve one star!
It take 6 hours  just waiting for the X Ray and blood text . This is the worse urgent care ever .
Very friendly, good pricing and my chair and sofa are clean.  Highly recommend them.
Not a good place
Do you remember going to Disneyland for the first time well its not that but hey we laughed.
yummy buffet and a great way to end our quick weekend trip to vegas!
Food and drinks were great!! The waitress was super nice and did her job perfectly.
they came thru and fixed the problem. that's the t-mobile i know and love!!
Best employers Always helping me out with good deals Very kind.  Tahnks to Manny and Conner
late night snack.. thats taco bell for ya
Love Montreal.  Love Spa Diva.  Best massage and facial I've ever had.  Please set up shop in NYC!
Almond cookies are the bomb dot com. So are the coconut cookies. Good service as well
Very nice store and clean.  Fast service & the manager Maria very friendly.
Great service, reasonable prices, could not be happier with Robert and his services!
Love this place.  Have you tried the Prime Rib, best in town.  My girl loved it!
This place is a total scam they force you to buy their insurance which cost more than the rental
Absolutely unprofessional
SADA is my favorite !!  She is so warm and welcoming !  I am coming back because of her : )
Reliable, dependable and trustworthy! Got the job done quick and it was such quality work!!!
This is my favourite place for lunch, awesome food, fast and friendly service and good prices.
The staff is really friendly, and Elizabeth does a great job with her massages.
Great food, very good service, reasonable prices.... the only reason not a 5 star was d cor.
Wow love this food. If you like it hot and authentic it's awesome. Great staff, great food.
Good food, great ambiance and service, bit hard to find but worth the trip
Skip the sandwiches and go with the Pasta.  The bread they use is toooooo salty.  Cute little place.
Just an average overpriced. Duplicate of their other locations. Ok but nothing special.
Great location and friendly staff. Best pizza hands down. Love the thin crust and fresh ingredients!
Not bad for a quick wash. The free vacuum and air make it worth it!
Loved the rice and the chicken dishes. Would like to try again. Nice restaurant located in venetian
Menu "LOOKS" good, but everything about the food and drinks are disappointing considering the price.
Our lane pinspotter keeps locking up..couldn't find help for a while.   Never coming back
Thanks ladies had a great time having girl time while getting a pedi and mani.  I will be back...
Great guy. Professional, reliable, and even fixed a fan in my apartment for free.
The best Sicilian Pizza in Pittsburgh !! Staff is always nice and food is always fresh and GOOD!
Love this place!  Creative, helpful, and won't question your crazy requests!
Decided to give this place a 2nd try. Juice sucked as much as the first. Definitely not going back.
Awesome nail service for an excellent price, they allow walk ins and have such a welcoming staff!
The best place for a late night snack. Only down side is the drive thru always has a line.
I like it! Spice and rich in flavor. Reasonable price. It not tea bar, it's Chinese food.
Favourite sandwich in town! They battered french fries are to die for, just so good!!!
Only ordered here once because they messed the order up, and I like Tum Nak Thai better.
Not much selections. Lobster tail overcooked. Oyster is skinny. The best is prime rib
Terrible restaurant. Very dirty. Also have to wait for a long long time... Never come again
Awesome shop and really cool staff. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Love my bike and the service!
Good donair and great flavor! Not that good fries. It doesn't smell eother which is good.
Hey starbucks! Same. as. always. Nothing great, nothing bad, but damn I love those Chai Tea Lattes!
Food was good, fresh and hot. Customer service was solid, but the location is pretty dresdful.
Just your average Subway. Quick food, fresh toppings just the way you want it.
Good selection, convenient location and affordable prices. However, incompetent and rude staff.
nice place always has my Teva's and good helpful clerks
New owners here from New York. the salon is now called Apple Nails
Yummy time in your tummy!  Been a regular here for a couple of years... Enough said :)
Need quieter juicing machines...sounds like an auto mechanic place.
Wonderful place with h friendly service. The crepes were just like in France and the atmosphere fun.
Awesome event! Fun for the whole family. Get involved and support your local businesses
Great place for first visit. Going back. I went for eyelash extensions. Very professional.
seriously the best fries I have had in a long time...I am a HUGE Toby fan so I love this place
David, the good looking Jamaican man was very helpful and polite. Ladies he's available. ;)
I will drive from Long Beach just for the red jade chicken.... It's kickin!!
The best restaurant in Boulder City for a quick meal and friendly service. Best French frys in town.
A great effort by local vendors. i buy the veggis and tamales. The fudge is great too. Support local
Food was great!  We had the chicken quesadilla and vanilla  & pineapple margaritas were awesome
I love the food. Best place in the world. I suggest that everyone should try this place
Great greasy spoon hole in the wall. Amazing combos you can get here. Try it once if you are in town
Great happy hour with good food and awesome service! Great way to start a night downtown!!
Great experiences first time there! Lexie did my hair it turned out perfect and I feel beautiful
I go often late night and the food is always fresh and hot and pretty fast with really nice service
No other casino like it. Canals in the resort! Outside too? Pretty cool.
Jennifer is who I felt originally went to and keep going to! She does a great job at bio gel refill
Excellent food for the area and price. I am a huge fan of their tortillas and bean burritos.
Customer service needs work . Other than that shelves are fully stocked everything is easy to find
The food is pretty low quality, but you should expect that at a Smitty's. Nothing special about it.
The BEST pizza in town! I love Sal's and I was so happy when they opened in Madison.
Solid hearty breakfasts.  A touch pricey, but had free wifi.
Great authentic chinese food. Beef noodle soup and dumpling are amazing. Service was great as well.
Great service, affordable, gyro and Greek fries were so good. A must eat place in the mall.
Never disappointed!! Friendly staff, awesome good, go sangrias and cookies! Hit the spot!!
Great house fried rice and best egg rolls in the valley. People are real friendly. Low prices.
3 stars, friends loved the pizza. Every piece I picked up fell right apart. It's okay.
Quick and good quality. I had the coconut curry shrimp and really enjoyed it - pretty spicy:)
Dereck was perfect, great conversation and best cut I have had in a while. I will be back
Convenient location and friendly, helpful staff. Will use for all my future textbook needs!
Steak ranchero was on point and the horchata was tasty!! What else could you possibly ask for.
Quick and friendly service.  Received my order in a timely fashion.
Does anyone know where this place has moved to?  They had the best hot oil.  Appreciate it!
It's this or Totos. Oh yeah and robertos.......ew...... anyhoo, it's decent.
Great massage.nice price...very tranquil and peaceful atmosphere...very professional
Excellent value, wife baby and I stopped in and had a blast on a recent visit to this awesome town!!
Best Mexican in food in Las Vegas.  Chile Colorado and tamales are awesome.
We are repeat customers here. Their service is always great and the food is very good.
Attentive,  fun server.  (Liz).  Southwest Scramble was good.  Coffee cake is amazing!
The restaurant reeked of propane. The food was decent, but not good enough to make up for the smell.
Good size rooms, restaurant food is pretty decent and service is friendly.
Friendly honest service. Saved our Thanksgiving vacation and got us back on the road quickly.
Great environment and good coffee. I get work done here on the regular. Staff is great too.
Avoid this place. Went today and wish I hadn't.
The Carne Asada Fries here definitely hit the spot when washed down with a little Horchata omnombom
An average drink with an average meal. I may as well stay in Airdrie and eat at the Toad.
Love this!  I never get tired of watching the water.  So pretty and reminds me of Ocean's 11.
Two visits, no issues. Quieter than Boston Pizza, Jack Astors, good for a decent bite and a beer.
My go-to place when in college. Bahama Mama has always been a favorite.
Incredibly awesome food and staff!!! Bring a large appetite because you will need it....
Good value for mony. Tasty quality and made to order. Great selection.:-)
 
Great food! Worst customer service ever! The servers and host have bad attitudes and never smile!
Excellent food, good service, this place is a gem. Sweet and sour pork is just made perfect.
It's a delicious treat especially in the Vegas heat. Also, super convenient with a drive thru.
Love Maui Tan very professional, great service & friendly staff. Clean and great prices.
Great place ! I got my appointment and the guys there were very antentive. Great place to get cut up
Great food and great service. The Filet mignon and Salted Caramel Pudding was worth it.
Nice restaurant/bar with dance floor and live music! We need more of these in Phoenix!
We enjoyed the food greatly. The kitchen was very slow, enough to make us think twice in the future
Awesome place for coffee and lunch. Great service and the french macarons are delicious.
4 out of 5! Best indian Chinese around! Classics are shrimp pakora and chilli chicken. $
Unique sandwiches! Taste and prices were reasonable but not low fat. Yes, we will be back.
The best Sicilian pizza anywhere!  We were pleasantly surprised when we tried it.
A small HK cafe.  Service is average, food is average, decor is 'old-style', price is reasonable.
Best comfort food truck in Cahrlotte! Nom nom nom!!! Try the amaze balls. They are aaaaahhmazing!!!
Such a Great place! Good time with Great people! Love the Bartenders....Dusty is Amazing!
Great record/cd store.  Price is reasonable.   Love their listening stations.
Fast, courteous, and resonably priced. They changed the 5 locks on my new house in about 20 min.
Stupid manager kayle didn't let me finish my Coffee inside.
Simply put, this is our favorite place for a tasty, healthy meal.
Always happy with the service and equipment I receive from Las Vegas Party Rentals!
So, I believe that service makes food taste better, and the service was exceptional...5 stars.
My new favorite at China Express is Orange Chicken. Give it a try, you won't regret it!
Friendly staff,  aweome soups and sandwiches,  and free delivery! I love this place!
Amazing fish tacos and good drink specials. Arielle gave great service. Also she has great hair.
Le meilleur choix de fromages et de poissons frais et fruits de mer.
I crave the Kailua Pork every day... i mean every day.  Ice Tea kicks ass too.  Great spot.
I ordered three scoops of salmon, and this is how much I got. Over pricey and low-quality food it is
Place is run down and outdated, smells weird and plays lame music,older folks (40ish+).
Great food, drinks and outdoor patio atmosphere with live music. We loved our server, Kera!
Great price and it's awesome that they picked it up and delivered for free. Professional service.
Great friendly place to meet people. Really Happening! Super Happy Hour!
Still no response from Silverton on the Customer Service, I guess this how the business is run.
I love this pizza. I wish that little man would take me on a ride :)  Seedable-
Went here with my girl! She was craving some Lao food. This place wasn't bad at all.
Love this place! Outstanding food, amazing service, fun atmosphere! A definite go-to in Pittsburgh.
Best Thai food I've eaten in the Phoenix area.
Great breakfast and excellent service.  Simple, clean and comfortable.  Very good coffee too.
Custard filled walnut cakes. $5 a bag? HELLO!
Fantastic bbq seitan sandwich. Even better than the one offered @ clover in cambridge, ma!
Fun air conditioned place to go walk around. We always end up finding something here "we need".
our fav restaurant in the world! we have spent about a million dollars there, but it's worth it!
Brilliant. Food unreal, vibe good, cocktails great, if a bit Mexican and not to my taste.
Great neighborhood place for dinner and drinks! Food was great, service attentive. We will be back!
Good New York style slices. Great for a quick lunch!
Food was very good. Service excellent. A little price but i did order the fish in Arizona.
Over priced service and bad at time estaments
Good costumer service, long waits, but very helpful with helping you find what your looking for.
Best Chicken Katsu I've tasted in town. Katsu was extra crispy, tasty and done with dark meat.
The food is nothing special and the service was absolutely terrible. I won't be coming back.
Anyone who hasn't given a 5 star needs to just stop eating BBQ. lol You are doing it wrong.
Decent food but way overpriced.  Portions are small for the cost.  Would not recomend it.
Courtney is an amazing server and I enjoyed the wings very much. This was a great experience!
It's okay, buttered squid is so good, and nice touch with appetizer soup.
Good place to eat!!! Amazing staff! The food is very delicious!!! And the pad see eew is amazing!
Some great Hawaiian food and friendly staff!
The best Mexican food in LV! Long wait times Friday and Saturday nights. Well worth the wait!
Love It! Try the Salted Caramel Mocha! Sooo good :)
Excellent food, definitely reccomend this restaurant, especially for a special occassion.
Great customer service, delicious food and a clean, well maintained restaurant. Highly recommended!
Great job, very thorough. Got a discount by enlisting a neighbor. Will call him again next year!
Took some classes here, it's got a good atmosphere, cool students, good education.
Food was great. We had the pad thai with beef, spring rolls and the holy basil with egg. Delicious.
Better than buccas mushroom plate was a 5***** our  service was great  will be going again
Tasty and unique food with nice service and live entertainment!
Had a relaxing massage. From.head  massage to the feet it released so much tension and stress.
great service! Big portions. I highly recommend the spicy noodle soup. I'd definitely come back.
quite busy this afternoon!! Friendly,  I feel welcomed here! Prices are right as well. Lol!
Worst club to be at on a Friday night! Awkward as hell, slow floor, no one really dancing.
Great place to cool off in the summer! Perfect for christenings, weddings, and floor hockey.
Coffee was delicious. It's so hard to find good coffee and this place is perfect for a morning
Great service and great Thai food. Probably the best Thai food in Las Vegas.
I had the shrimp and broccolli and added beef and cashew nuts. Delicious!
Tasted like poop here.  No customer service...and then nothing but disrespect.  F*^? KFC
I have come here a few times.  The food is average.  I like the waitresses and the place is clean.
Fresh salad to die for. Really cool concept of assembling your own salad and toppings!! love it
Best boneless wings ever. Great staff and great prices
Took good care of our cats. I would recommend.
This place is so sick. Our servers summer and Tim were awesome! 5 stars for sure for the brunch.
Definitely The best Japanese restaurant in Phoenix. Will come back for sure!!
I havent had a bad experience yet.... takes a long time to get food out tho.. thats the only bad..
The only best option in the venetian food court. The food was just as great as wences' manners.
I went to high school here! I had a 4.0 gpa.  The ib program was amazing.
Too bad this place shut down! I loved it when visiting Toronto!
I absolutely love the interiors here and their matcha green tea lattes are always impeccable.
Best pizza in Scottsdale! Authentic and quick with good service.
they haven't offered comp rooms since the 1st time  5 months ago.  no comp rooms, no loyalty.
Excellent restaurant, bon rapport qualit -prix. Les portions sont g n reuses et il y a in bon choix.
The mini chimichanga was delicious. Really awesome salads and chips & salsas. The ambiance was nice.
Love it here friendly people and always enjoy the smile from Karate as he take our tickets
Nice staff and good food. Had to wait long due to out order going to the wrong table.
These guys are awesome! You can tell they really care, and they produce nothing but premium work.
Great Happy Hour, and environment. Service and food were both really good as well
Quirky little spot that has great tea and dessert. I really enjoyed it, but they need more seating.
Decent sushi with a limited list. Water does not taste good but overall good food. Nice atmosphere.
fresh and tasty seafood.  very enjoyable.  comfy setting.  service could be faster
Great hotel bar - unexpected find in steel city!
Sadly my fears have come true no more BBQ. :( El Paso went under.
Nice and cozy place. The lamb chops are amazing! Will definitely comeback when I am in town
Very sweet and caring! Can't wait to visit in the future with my baby as she grows up!
Pricing and long line, but well worth it! It was good food and polite service received!
The wings here or extra crispy and saucey. Great prices and pretty cool owners.
Upgraded to a express wax, the 2 gentlemen took their time and did a great job. I am coming back
Love this restaurant! amazing service, food, music and atmosphere! I will definetely come back :)
Q=Quite U=Unsanitary A=And D=Dumpy  A great location, however!
Rick did a great job and he's extremely honest. He also takes time to explain things.
Awesome book store. Last of the Mohicans since borders is shutdown.  Workers are very helpful.
Reasonable pricing and friendly staff. When MAC starts to drain funds this is my go to.
I enjoyed my selection and the service.  Wide enough menu selection to make my family happy.
Awesome food. Had the carne a sada burrito with chips and salsa togo, it was delicious!
The best bread I've ever tasted/had for my turkey and Swiss! The entire sandwich was great!!
We don't eat at many national chain restaurants.  But when we do, we prefer BJ's.
Great food great staff and real food no hurry up and buy attitude's grilled food at its best
Stylish and modern apartments.  Great location and close to all the amenities in University Circle.
Best Chinese in the area.  Basic little hole in the wall but great variety, service, and flavor!
The rooms are nice but if you plan on using the pull out couch bring your own sheets.
Really good thai food with quick service. Portion sizes are decent. Average pricing.
Still great food and atmosphere. Must be; we drive across town for it on special occasions.....
This is our favorite neighborhood pizza spot. Great crust and yummy toppings.
Food was EXCLELENT!  Huevos rancheros kicked a$$ and the sausages were delish!
Best filet I've ever had!! The s'mores dessert is really fun too! Definitely recommend.
Great bar.  Great hang out spot and food is constantly good. Try the steak nachos
Shaina and Victoria are great!  The place is pretty and clean and the ladies do a great job!
So good, can't wait to fly back & get another round!
Amazing food amazing staff. Never had real ramen but was blown away at how great it was.
Whenever we have family in town, we visit here at least once. Wonderful pizza and cookie dessert.
Amazing work! They have earned my business for life.
Was expecting more for the price. Food had no taste to it. A lot of variety, just no good flavor.
Super food and great service.  Really like the patio, and try the Salsa de Parmigiana.
The food is good, and nice sized portions. Staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean.
One word.....DELICIOUS!  Love that it is open early enough to stop and pick up lunch before work!
It's a great addition to downtown Markham. This is such a unique carousel; beautifully done.
This is our favorite take out restaurant. Service is fast and serves up some great Chinese food!
Sorry to say Babaloos is no CLOSED, they had good food, it was not a great location.
Great job just got my eyelashes done. Came out just like i wanted. Great job.
Although the Chilaquiles were in chip form (which is not my favorite) the red sauce was bomb.
Reliable, trustworthy and quality work. You can depend on the job to get done. Ronnie was awesome!
Ordered the immunity booster drink and the asian chicken salad, both were amazing.
Always clean food is great. Friendly service. A cheap alternative to earing on the strip.
So excited now that my new water conditioning unit is installed!
Great food and great staff by Maria I love coming here for late night food and happy hour!
Great green chili, tacos, tamales and especially the tortillas. Just need better salsa!
Excellent and helping people here! Will continue coming here and recommend to my friends!!
Horrible  ..,. just awful  Never go back again  Overpriced and low quality food and service
Great flavor!!! Line was long with regulars. Love that the servers call everyone 'honey.'
Excellent hotel, very clean. Great customer service, decent breakfast.  Love the free shuttle!
Love the wings very tasty. Some of the best I ever had. Very nice young man and very friendly.
The Service Technician was really good but they charged me $145.00 for a ten dollar part.
These guys are on point, true car lovers.
WOW! This restaurant is beautiful!!! Great service, fresh food, yummy drinks! I love lazy dog!
Great customer service  ask for mark. Quick and honest guys! Lobby and shop is clean!
Still one of my favorite lunch spots! Never fails. Best turkey bacon avocado sandwich around!
These guys rock out loud. Hands down best place for street Tacos!
SO satisfied! Everyone at State Farm was very kind. If you need an insurance agent, contact Mary!
Excellent Breakfast restaurant. My favorite items are the eggs benedict and the skins and eggs!
These guys are amazing !!!! Fast and priced right!!  My goto iPhone repair now!
We like to go here and get the salad bar. The green pistacio fluff at the salad bar is awesome!!
Pastrami Burger and Focaccia Sandwich. Very good.
Meat was great, although a tad greasy. Serving size was adequate. A nice, casual dining experience.
This restaurant is not closed, and is delightfully open. We had a wonderful meal tonight.
The best in Vegas. Ira and Margaret are experts and prices are reasonable.
Yummy! Their lemon donuts are SO good. A little pricey- 4 donuts were 10.50.
Friendly and great food.  Had the short ribs.  This place will likely be a regular lunch stop.
Amazing almond croissant and kouign amann.  Must try!
$10.99 for a footlong sub?  $14.99 for a "premium" footlong. 6-inch subs start at $7.49.  WTF?
Really not cool I never complain but the last few time my protein style come out like shit
Grade: C  This once classic now relies on its past. Been there. Done that.
Worst expensive nachos I've had in my life! Guy needs to take his name off this place!
Really bad at assembling group orders. Frequently forgets things such as chips.
Extremely slow. Seems they're not staffed properly. The workers are pleasant however.
Love this place, as I don't need to worry when m late because I can eat anytime.
Edamame 6/10 Chicken Stay 10/10 Yellow curry with chicken 9/10 Cleanliness 10/10 Service 9/10
It's been a while since we've eaten here. The paella was good. Pricey place for small plates.
Very kind and helpful pharmacists,store is quite nice too but a tad small
I wish rick moonen advanced on top chef masters. my heart broke a little when he lost.
Very good food ! Garlic balls are very yummy  also very nice painting inside dining .
What's not to love? Clean, fast, yummy, and doesn't taste like it's liquifying your insides.
Great prices, product and super fast delivery
good customer services ,always problem to get right ticket on the window !!
Great food all the time - service is pretty decent as well.
Very good pasta, great prices and ambience.  Perfect place for lunch or casual wining-and-dining .
Great place. The ooey - gooey cupcakes are unreal. Not always a cupcake fan but these are fantastic.
Finally some real Chinese food in town!!! It's a little bit expensive. I love the stewed pork belly!
Visited a college town breakfast joint.  What a great experience.  Outstanding food and service.
They got rid of the machine tea! Bumped up the rating.
Love bringing my doggies here! Morley is great and the rest of the staff so friendly!
Service isn't that great. Hold off till they get that fixed.
Matthew, Nate and the guys do an amazing job of connecting an caffeinating the community!!
Clean facility, new bulbs and knowledgable, helpful staff!
Mistakes have been made! Roads have been traveled! Choices regretted!   That is all I can say
I usually get my car's oil change there. The staff is very helpful and knowledgeable.
Awesome beer selection and the nachos are the best! Tues/Thurs $3.50 draft beers are a great deal!
Great food great service. This a family run place and they make you feel like family
A nice place to catch a little music on the patio.
Absolutely love the Sconnie Burger! Atmosphere is great as well. Will definitely be back.
Oh. My. God. So. Good.
My homeowner insurance used this guys they fix my AC. And I will highly recommend them.
Orange chicken was chewy and soggy, the flavor was disgusting. I will never eat here again.
This is probably the best place in Vegas for a pool Party, definitely I have to come back again!
Booking confirmed.  No Dianna.  Disappointed.  Was really looking forward to this appointment.
Just your normal gas station, always busy an they have alot of options for snacks!
Pretty cool place and no admission charge.  It's well worth stopping by and checking out.
Eggplant and tofu was excellent  Fresh rolls lots of lettuce was great Enjoyed all off our choices
Great atmosphere, amazing staff, and affordable pricing. Would recommend for people on a budget.
Oh nooo! Jean-Baptiste (massage therapist) is no longer with Joya!
First time I've had Thai and I'm a fan!! Great lunch specials!
This place was awesome when it was Cooper's! Great whole in the wall. Idk about big guys...
Excellent service their chai is amazing. Best experience will make the drive for such great chai
Best bbq chicken sandwich! Also yummy jerk wings!!!!! They also have vegan options which is great.
Stay far away from these slime balls. They hire musicians to play at funerals and refuse to pay!
First time here food was great.. I had the basket of fish cod, onion rings and water..
Great place for Sushi..I usually have the 888 Combo and a few appys.  Try the grilled Salmon head .
Matcha addiction begins here. The ice cream and floats are too yummy.
This place is awesome!!! It's seriously a must go. The food is wayyyy better than soyo!!' For sure
Great place  and good prices.Bethany was very helpful.i'll be back!
LOVE. Except the prices- lol. Continue with the yummy juices and pleasant environment!
Great views of mill Ave and good microbrews. Wouldn't suggest going for the food though.
Went my first time to this place. It was great and this is the best I've felt in awhile!
Monica was amazing very nice and I would ask for her all the time. She was very prompt and engaging.
Have been coming here for years! Yes they are busy but everyone that works there are very nice!
Great service, friendly staff, delicious and inexpensive sushi. Doesn't get any better than this.
This place is awesome Anita was a very nice lady a must if you rent a U-Haul very classy place
My go-to coffee place in the beach to relax and chill.    Definitely recommend the latte and crepes.
Previously called Travelodge.  Same address and phone number.
This is my goto place for Korean cuisine! I love coming here with my friends for a great time :)
Delicious, fresh food, clean establishment and excellent customer service! We will be back for sure.
I'm so lucky to live nearby this gem. Best donuts in Arizona. Such friendly service too.
Everything is either cool or gross. No on between here. Lol
We received excellent service, and no more roaches or gnats!
Let me sayyyy. I love this place, it's so close to my house, and the flavors are soooo good :D
BBQ that is consistent and tasty.  Nice atmosphere and beer menu.  Best in Charlotte.
Food was good, beer was cold!  Ask for Jessica as your server if she's not available ask for Justin.
The only one in Avondale I'll go to! Clean.  Friendly, helpful staff, tvs, vending machines
Great place to eat. The food is delicious and the stay are friendly. Best Mediterranean around!!
Yummy shrimp po-boy! A tasty downtown option where there are few!
Great service department!  Fast, thorough and professional!
LA LA was our server and has a great personality and service. Super personable with looks of Spunk.
Does this count as an update?  Went four more times..still love it!
The best service ever. I came here as a kid to watch the Warriors game and he turned it on!!!!!
Sue is the best. She fixed my jumpsuit and charged me a fair price for the work she put in.
Amazing authentic Vietnamese food that is quick to the table! Great service and fast with requests.
Great place for a fast lunch.  Prices are awesome. Chimichanga was very good and crispy.
Excellent service by our server Jimmy. And great food. The pumpkin cheesecake was to die for.
Almost feels like a hidden Scottsdale gem, but every time we eat there it is BUSY!
The Greek fries are awesome! The falafel pits are really good! But not a huge fan of their baklava.
This place used to be awesome. Now it is plain dirty. Food quality is unpredictable and mostly poor.
I went here recently; good service- friendly staff. A little crowded but I like the location.
No stars!!! This place is horrible. Save yourself the headache and go with another company!!!!
Decent selection but a bit over priced for their steaks. Great service and relaxing ambience.
Great food and service. Ashly is my favorite!! Go order some cocktails from that amazing girl!
A great local spot - and they support local rescues!
Gonna make this a MUST-VISIT spot every time I am in Phoenix! Vegetarian FTW!
Great burger, just as good as the College location. Glad there is a 2nd spot now open.
Great soft shelled steak tacos, great service too. Great little addition to leslieville
Service terrible. Servers don't smile. Food portions and takes forever. Won't be back.
Love this place! Always fresh and tasty... not to mention friendly staff! Never been disappointed!
Best Amazon showroom in Vegas
Great environment, service, and delicious food. It's the perfect place to eat lunch or dinner.
Rude Server.  Don't eat here.  Food won't make up for poor service.  Not busy and server in a rush.
Such a great show! I was laughing the entire time. So funny! Loved it.
do yourself a favor, and enjoy a meal at farmer boys.  great service. thank you
Really amazing selection of pinball machines. Really fun place.
i asked for a number 6!!! and got a number  #11 how do you confuse beef with chicken really like wow
Great dogs just like Chicago and I love pizza puffs. But it is not cheap like Chicago.
Consistently good burgers and fries, and awesome fresh onion rings!
Got sick after having lunch there, probably won't go back.
Lunch specials are great.  Gyro and greek salad is tasty.  good service
Hefe is so fun and the hosts Are so nice, especially Brynn! She helped us get a table immediately!
If you go to Massage Envy at Rock Springs you must ask for Alex. Best massage I've ever had...
Very sketchy neighborhood.  Safer to go to the one down the street across Washington St.
Casual atmosphere and simple foods made really well. One of the best pizzas in Toronto
Great little place for a good and inexpensive haircut. Cheryl was awesome!
Disneyland pour le shopping...vive la surconsommation!!
I love beef rib. I'm not going to pay that kind of money for that. I can make my own beef ribs
The buttermilk pancakes are delicious and the biscuits are so good and for kids they have wikki stix
Great place to play golf. The course was challenging but fair.
Worse paedicure by Lilly today. Don't waste your time, try one of the new salons on the Danforth.
The omelette was amazing. And the French toast is the best in town. Very friendly service!
had a great burger today....steak skewers were prefect...great staff..can't go wrong!!!
Marcella's tagline is "fall in love with your food."  It's more like "mediocre blind date."
They now serve FIN DU MONDE!   Did they read my review, maybe?  Six stars.
Just wanted to update and say I am obsessed with the new "hotter" salsa! It is truly delicious!!
Best casual dining in TO. Beautiful patio. Great burger and delicious desserts. Awesome specials.
Food was awesome. Santa fe eggs Benedict and the southwest burrito. Awesome awesome awesome!
Best imax screen in town, period.
Great little watering hole!!!  Staff is great!!  Good draft beers!  right in the heart of lakewood.
It was fast but boba was ok having that it's up North and closer than driving out to china town.
Messed up my order twice and one of the workers didn't make sense.                            Bob.
This is in fact a shitty store.  But they have great flowers that are very cheap!
Love the Lemon Chicken. It is seldom filled when I'm there, so it is very relaxing. Great service!
Good taste, great for a salmon lover. The boss is very nice!
I love this places currently eating a glazed donut it's so soft and warm!!Love their donuts here!!
i think this restrants noddle is the best in montreal downtow. i like to eat this noddle
Great food!! Great Service. We'll definitely be back when we come to Vegas
Great pizza, friendly service, high quality ingredients.  Highly recommend!
Staff was awesome and very helpful - food was delicious and a great value compared to Nobu
Just Ok I wasn't impressed foods good just not my kinda place
Always a good experience when we come to North & South. Great variety and specials. Family friendly.
Kelly is a great piercer! Made us very comfortable & got the job done quick! 10/10 would go again!
Big waste of time. Nothing to see. Small showroom and about 10 cars. Employees are extremely rude.
Hands down slowest Starbucks I've ever frequented.  If you're in a hurry I'd recommend skipping.
Joel Is great with cut and color, the salon is very nice.  Check it out!
What gas station doesn't have garbage cans at the pumps! Never quick or easy.
Really enjoyed the ambiance and the Vienna Latte was fantastic!
Great value for the money. Very friendly staff. Free upgrade and the car ran great. I was impressed.
Great home made corn tacos!  Chile rellenoes were excellent!!  We will be back for sure!
really likes the food. I agree with all the good yelp reviews
Does this location appeal to gay guys, because it often seems to have lots in there.    Wondering.
Are you serious!!! Stop putting sugar in the gravy!!!! Cali can't do pizza!!!! Nasty!!
Gonna keep this really simple because I'm tired. Bad food. End of story!
Very fast and friendly. Awesome gel manicures that last a little longer than 2 weeks for $30!
Wings outta this world!! Pizza was delicious but the topping can easily slip right off the crust
absolutely painless eyebrow threading I have ever experienced!
Great food reasonably priced. Italian food done right. Chef Rudy  and his crew are  most congenial.
Good food n good price. Very nice customer service. I will be back. Spicy good food. Yummy n yummy.
Great service, on time, everything assembled properly. Highly recommend.  Thanks for everything.
Great service, great food horrible parking base on how awesome this place is for brunch.
The food here is absolutely superb, I cannot recommends it enough. I really like the rose sauce.
Closest thing to getting Poke from the islands without traversing the Pacific...
Hands down just the best place ever . Great great food (better then Filiberto's ) awesome service !
Very very expensive seafood! Good kind service but very expensive for what your getting.
Management is great and the maintenance crew is very responsive!
Omg tacos were amazing shrimp tacos are bomb ass heck would definitely come back next time I'm in az
Excellent food, flavorful and good quality. Love it, love it, love it. Friendly environment!!!!
Excellent store from groceries to produce to fascinating food court !  Great experience .
Red lobster is not what it used to be. The food is gross - almost fast food-like. Do not recommend.
Really nice jumping point for a good night in Phoenix. Crab Cake Sandwich was great!
The food is great. The service is horrible and poorly managed.  I'll pass on going back
Josiah was fantastic. Great line work and shading -just fantastic. I couldn't be happier
This is the best place, I love the crumb squares, and just picked up a pecan pie that is excellent
Relaxing moment, i was really well welcomed in this place and receive a adapted session
Found a cricket in my fried rice today... this place should be shut down!   F***ing disgusting!
Best hookah lounge in Vegas by far. Daniel is the truth! Very accommodating! Coolest guy ever!
Berge has serviced my car for 8 years and have always provided fantastic customer service.
Loved it!! Excellent pastas and meatballs. Thin crust pizza. Sever Miguel was awesome!!
My favorite is the Carmel and vanilla sugar lattes with almond milk. Best coffee place in town!
Great food, good bar very nice people.   Well worth the trip.
My favorite place for pho in the area. Always tastes super fresh and the place is always clean.
Average.
Very pleased with pedi service. Clean place and pleasant staff does a great job.
Los Dos Molinos por vida!
Like most complexs in metro Phoenix- Poorly managed, check the reviews.  Do yourself a favor: AVOID.
Just plain awesome. With the nicest servers. If there is a long wait try the counter.
My recent visit sucked. The Steelers lost, and they lost stupidly. We need a real coach.
Pizzafarro's has the best pizza in Arizona.  Love their sausage pizza on regular crust.
Expensive. Food was decent, kinda loud inside. I like the gimmicky decor - super cute.
World-class. Our new favorite all-time Indian restaurant. Service and food is impeccable.
Worst company ever and they will screw you! Stay way...you have been warned.
Great owners, great honest people that work at the store! Go Bridal!!!
There appetizers & salad sucks!  S'mores okay. We're invisible to the waitress
Bel endroit pour souper en amoureux ou avec un groupe. La terrasse est int ressante aussi.
These people are awesome. I will def. call them again to clean my carpets.
Only got the pecan pie. I don't like pecan pie but ate the Little Miss BBQ's version entire pie!!!
Good customer service and pretty nice equipment. Nice location...just hop on the trail and go.
Best burger place around my house, rather wait 5 minutes for a good burger than going to MacDonald's
Consistantly great drinks and super friendly staff.  I always recommend this coffee place!
Best bbq at great prices and awesome customer service. Everyone should give it a try.
Food was really good, service is excellent. Love the baklava. I will definitely be back.
Fagan did a great job on painting the inside and outside of our home. They even took down wallpaper.
Jane is amazing, loving the way my skin looks. Highly recommend her to friends n family.
First Vegas trip and ate here. My food came out a little cool but it was still good. Will come back
Delicious food, great waiters. I would give them 5 stars, but the wait was quite long.
This location is great! Everyone is helpful and the therapists really individualize treatment.
Really cute trendy clothes at great prices!  Staff super friendly.  I will totally be back soon!
Great service, and the drink Smoke and Mirrors is super good! The food was great too
They have the best pollo tacos I have had in 3 months. Great atmosphere inside the restaurant
Excellent and Honest Service . Very pleased with Lamonts auto body .
Excellent care. Knowledgeable, caring staff. Quick in and out, saved my friend a trip to the ER.
They are friendly, knowledgeable and very fast. I recommend to everybody. Good job!!!
Nice staff. They are always friendly and always ready to help. they have stayed open late to
Very kind, good prices, went here for grey goose vodka. Greetings from germany to las vegas!
Stopped here for a quick lunch, friendly people, good quality food for a descent price.
Good choice for delicious food & good service.  Decor is modern & relaxing also.
Great pizza!  One of my newly favorite crusts.  Perfect toppings, and great delivery!
The server was nice, friendly and made us some good drinks! Food was also great!
Great food, terrible service. Unfortunately the cons of the service outweigh the great food.
Great food. Always a good meal. Close to my work place and easy to spot. Staff is friendly too.
Excellent trainer - always on time, knowledgable, and professional. Highly recommend...five stars.
Food is amazing  They need a new location in a better area and cleaner place
YUMMM!!!! I can't wait to try all of the different flavors! This place is a must try!
Favorite go to place for tapas and awesome cocktails! Food is fantastic, service is even better!
Issac did a great job in programming the key for my car. Didn't take long. Amazing service overall!
Great location. Food was good, but not great and it is slightly overpriced. Service was good.
Finding hair in your pastry can really put a damper on your experience. Was not very impressed.
Stephanie, the CT tech, was kind and very professional and she made the experience simple and quick.
Good pizza and pasta.  Nice atmosphere.  Solid but nothing special.
Cosy cafe with a launderette..French owner prepares delicious sandwiches , soup , cakes..
So good!! Everyone is super friendly and I love that it caters to dogs  the hummus trio is delicious
stupid company, cancelled my ticket without any reason, pay back my loss
Awesome place for great clean food.  My wife are here 2 days in a row.   Let's make it 3
Protecting sexual abusers since I don't know when. Don't go if you want to feel safe.
There's a reason Mike's been in business for decades. Friendly, talented service, with fair pricing.
This douche sent my grandmother wilted flowers.  Terribly embarrassing.  Never again.
My new favorite Thai restaurant, hands down! In either Cleveland OR Pittsburgh!
Fast, replaced the timer, tenant happy! thanks!
Excellent service, food, and interior. Upscale hawaiian-fusion.
Best chicken sandwich for a fast food place! Their food is always consistent and good.
Follow Your Heart is back - yay!! And always great communication from the owner - thanks!
Had the pulled pork sandwich and it was delicious.  I will be back to try other things on the menu.
Steak sandwich tastes like Mom used to make. I'm completely full.
Very slow! Very inefficient! People are very nice and place is clean.  Training required
Outstanding food! I stopped in for a quick bite and had brisket with a smoked spud! Delicious.
I have known Jeff for 10 years, he is a true professional who does beautiful work!
Overpriced and just okay, there lots of better restaurants to be found in downtown Phoenix.
Everything is amazing! Love that they season the fries! A new go to place for fast-food!
Great Food! Most anything you could want. Friendly service. Eat here every chance I get.
Food is like "Gourmet Pub Fare", but at reasonable prices. I love the food here. Great place.
I love the outdoor patio and the great service :-)  Great coffee and such a good energy.
I love everyone who works here they are super friendly and helpful! The prices are great!!!!
The chicken tastes the same as the hospital cafeteria at Northeast. Under impressed....overpriced.
This place has so many different things to spice up your home for somewhat affordable prices.
My goto for sushi weekly! Close to where I live and generous portions so I can get my fill!
Their portions are large. They make really good milk tea (it should be listed on Must-Try).
Great very casual restaurant!!!!!! Tacos are amazing!!
Love the music on Thurs and Sat :) Good deals on drinks! Quality time!
I love this place.. had the pupusas ..yumm!!! The coconut raspado is delish  definitely coming back
well done & luv the patio & fire pit. food fresh & it seems to be a happy spot
Love this place. I never have a hard time getting to the airport or from the airport to my car.
I'm a huge fan of their products. Mr Christie, you make good cookies.
After contacting the owner we received a full refund. We are satisfied with the results.
Great food, ambiance, and friendly staff. First place we came when visiting and will be back!
Good Food and decor. Small details like thier napkins Get the Nutella French toast for brunch
Great theater, great service wax nostalgia with a midnight movie!
Awesome experience! Hani is the best .i've tried other people in lv and no one compares to her!
Came here for taco tuesday and was not dissapointed. Our server Matt was attentive and courteous.
Best place in Rock Hill for breakfast!  The food is great and the atmosphere is fun!
I don't like the services but experiences I did like the hostess attitude never coming back
We all get the TMC for a quick breakfast as well as iced cappuccino.  Just a quaint and lovely Cafe.
Excellent d ner chez Ibericos aujourd'hui!! Tr s bonne ambiance et service. Best paella ever!
Worth the wait, very juicy chicken and great side dishes.
Good buffet would have been expensive without the buy one get one from the hotel. Worth a visit.
Great relaxing place for herbs, a massage, or any other holistic treatment!
One stop shop. Great clothes. Sweet ladies.
It's easy peasy to schedule, to access the facility, to park, and shuttle to my terminal.
Yuck. Dirty. Slow service. Gross food. Taco bell makes better food.
The meatball lunch menu was different, and very delicious. Friendly service and great patio
They have gone downhill since they opened. Will never return. You get what you pay for.
Great coffee and super nice staff. Highly recommend if you're looking for quality coffee.
Open late. They deliver. Reasonable prices. What more can you ask for? Oh... It was delicious!!
Great pepperoni pizza. One size 10". Pizzas are pricey. Dinner for 4 not worth $80-$100.
Horrible costomer service. Especially by "Mrs. Tidus". I DO NOT recommend going here!!
Sharon was wonderful! Huge breakfast burrito, delicious bread bowl with cream cheese dip. Yum!
I loved the place, food, drinks, desert, and attendance are perfect. You need come here!!
Nice Sunday Great Bloody Mary Location near everything  Might have to stay awhile and relax
I had the worst haircut in my life with Maria! Stay away from this place!
Good steak and all you can eat shrimp. Tried both fried shrimp and garlic herb butter.
Our kids and us love this place.The service is good and the food delicious. Come with an appetite...
I definitely recommend this place. It currently got a new staff and they doing a fantastic job.
The service was amazing. The workers were extra helpful. The food was great!! Brandon was amazing.
No one makes "CAMARONES A LA DIABLA" like they do here !!!!!!! I'm a regular .. I love this place
Sam does a great job. She has me feeling like spaghetti when she's done.
$70 for a little more than 100 km, that's pure robbery.
Great food and great price! Wide selection. All four of our meals were very good. Friendly staff.
The most dirtiest store I've ever been to. Don't think I'll come here again.
Very helpful staff.
Really good food and service. The boneless ribeye was to die for!
Hidden little gem .. you have to try this place. Owner on site super pleasant. Amazing wing flavors
Amazing tasty Pizza great service and good prices best pizza in town will come back thanks!!!
They do not accept credit cards without a chip.  They send you to an ATM.
The hell...?  Yellow seats? Did someone spill their mustard? Shitload of mustard.
1st time here, great service and food good. The people will bring me back here, awsome!!
Great atmosphere and friendly staff. The meat was fresh and had a great southern crisp to it.
Good meatballs and salad. I liked the ambiance as well. The cocktails are just average.
This company won't even respond to a message left on their phone, a good way to do business eh.
Great food. Service is fine and pretty quick. Wide variety of authentic Mexican food.
Fantastic seating, not a bad seat in the house.  Plus there's fantastic eats!
Great food, great atmosphere and our server Miranda was the best. Looking forward to next visit.
Always come here and they are very nice and friendly also they are cheaper than most nail salons
i love it, it gives me goosebumps!
The worst place ever..Long wait only two tellers.Long wait every time and long line..
Horrible service. 50$ for a haircut??? Really? Ridiculous and overpriced. Wouldn't recommend
Quick & courteous!  Got a replacement key for my car for less than dealer.  Open on the weekend :)
Good food just a lot of it also.  No wonder America is so fat
Very clean, friendly place! Prices are very reasonable for how much play time a kid gets.
Large selection of shoes to pick from.  Very helpful staff.  Clearancd prices are decent.
Custard cakes are delicious and sold out daily.
Beeeeest taqitos evaaa!  And the salsas! OMG! Both red and green are the bomb!  So good!
Incredible & authentic gem. Hits the spot after getting scuba certified right next door.
Store permanently closed due to flooding. 1 star based on my review of the east side location.
Everything was excellent! I had the fried okra and chicken wings. Great seasoning and portion sizes.
Service was ok & they came on a weekend. Price was totally unreasonable!  Will never use again!
Awesome food and very friendly staff. Really cute inside and a small bar. Will definitely be back!!
We had a great time! We signed up as two and were joined by a group of six. Would do it again!
It was great for brunch! I had a Bloody Mary and Banana foster french toast. Yum! Puppies welcome...
Sack's   " Encore "  sandwich with hot peppers and yogurt...    I wont say more ...
This place is so cute and small. Definitely a gem.  I liked the food and the people here.
Awesome experience. Great budtenders. Nice atmosphere.  Affordable prices. Personable place.
Never have to wait!  Staff is always courteous! Easy to get appts!  Mindy is the best!
This place is so good, from the entrees to the sushi. Give them a shot if your in the area!
The wait is definitely worth it here! Had the Chorizo and eggs and I DO NOT regret it! Lovveeeee it!
Close to my hose and they are always so friendly!! Love you guys keep up the good work
The guac-a-toni tho....  and don't get me started on pizooki's.    Best place for a food baby.
Great value for the price. Food came out quick and the server Jacqueline was super pleasant
Pretty good food for cheap. This is my default lunch stop on Queen W.
There tacos are excellent!! On taco Tuesday there 1.25. I'm coming here all the time.
Milos special - favorite Grilled octopus - favorite Current favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Definitely will be back. Need another session or two to learn to totally relax. Great experience!
An ok sandwich place.  The pozole was super small and ok flavor. Good place to have a normal lunch.
I love shopping here. Big, lots of selection, good prices, the Joe Fresh is awesome too.
My furniture was damaged by their mover during the Unloading process. And nobody picks up the phone.
Nice warm atmosphere, great service, good food, reasonable prices.
Delicious food, friendly service and great ambiance!
Had the Santa Fe salad.  Man, was it good!
Beers are on point and the food from the taco cart was great.
We really appreciated Greg's sense of urgency and service to our bathtub situation!  Shawn
Good location, welcoming shop, welcoming people, clean cuts at a fucking great price.
Really excellent pizza and a great fun friendly  environment! The wings were delicious too.
My Daughter LOVES this place so much she wants to retunr to Phoenix!  SO GOOD!!
Great place to eat healthy with your family and friends. Also they are great on catering
Great service all around! I had a slip and fall at work and they had me feeling better in no time!
This location is CLOSED.   You can find them on the NW corner of Dobson & Baseline in Mesa now.
Pretty good crepes and chill personable atmosphere of you want to have a conversation.
Perfect fusion I sushi and tapas! Get the tensai shooter! It is delicious!
Great lunch spot, good sandwich and salads. The asparagus sandwich is my favorite!
Lisa was awesome.......... Highly recommend. Great staff. .............Clean facility great job
It's worthy to wait for 70 minutes!
Amazing food and the environment was warm, cozy and very welcoming!  We will be back!  Yummy!
Neighborhood karaoke bar that serves Chinese food.
Steak sub was decent, just enough meat, to many onions! Fries great, nice and hot!!!!!
Food is fantastic. You better allow 1-1.5 hours for waiting time. Yet, well worth it.
So happy I found this place. No appointment necessary. So fast, so good, so reasonable.
Food was ok as was service. But menu is odd and wine had sediment. Was told this is normal.
This is a wonderful church. I really admire the leadership and the church family is like family.
Bean Burrito enchilada style and a cheese crisp....Heaven on earth!
I've never seen used tires this new.   Quick response time and good deals.  Honest people.
5/4/16 Thank you for responding to my concerns Banner Home Care.
Nice surprise in the airport!!!!  LOVED the goat cheese arugula salad.
Good clean establishment service with a smile all the time. Lunch specials are tasty.
RUN FAR AWAY! Do not spend your money here, file a claim, you will never hear from anyone!
Denis made a bday lunch with nearly 20 people go super smooth. And their pork is awesome!
Great place to pick up really cheap veg*items. Hours of operation kind of suck though.
Congratulations. Second best filet mignon in my eyes in Las Vegas.
Salmon croissant, Chicken Florentine Crepe, and the Mediterranean Chicken Crepe were fab!!!
Came in very professional. Cleaned my carpet and couch. Looks brand new now! Fantastic job guys!
Brittany was amazing! Great salon. Very friendly staff. Awesome decor. Definitely coming back soon.
Outstanding Service (Paige) was GREAT, supper food. and service. Made our stay Much BETTER thanks.
A really great restaurant, both to impress a business associate or just to enjoy some good food!
Super yummy and they have vegan options  and gluten free options! Glad I found this place
Excellent, accurate and quick service
I had the palabok and so far it has been the best one i've had out here in the vegas valley
Really good food. Clean. Cheap. Friendly. Win.
Love this place! This is my favourite coffee shop in Calgary. Very clean!
Got so many awesome things here! Estate sales are the way to go and Bobby was so helpful.
Love their subs.  Taste like from a deli.  Wish they were in CA!
Everyone is always sooooo nice and I love the work they do there!! Would definitely recommend
Quality pizza! Relaxing sports beer bar too.
Couldn't get my insurance right, no help and rude .
Best massage I've ever gotten and this place is BEAUTIFUL! So relaxing and professional.
Eat here every time I'm in Cleveland.  Great food.  Service is great and place is pretty classy.
The worst service ever don't go there
SLOW SERVICE, Mediocre Food, but prices were dirt cheap. I guess you get what you pay for.
Good burgers. Great place for a good old fashion hamburger, fries and a beer.
Charming & delicious!! Don't miss the fantastic french press coffee either.
Rented a road bike about a month ago.  Great service, friendly staff.  Everything was perfect.
Wish we had gotten a better deal in the vehicle we wanted to buy.
Best Mexican food in the area! Great service, food, and experience! Would recommend checking it out!
Horrible food, horrible service. I'm really not sure how this place manages to stay in business.
Fun show, great looking entertainers. :)  I went on a Thursday night and it was fantastic.
Resolved issue..
Pizza and wings were awesome! Some of the best pizza I have ever had! Great service too!
i really enjoy the movie at amc,, nice seating, always clean,, service is good too
such a beautiful arena ! I've been here for drake,dixie chicks and Gwen Stefani. nice setup
Fantastic food. Family own. Great service. Can't go wrong with low key good food here.
One of the cheaper gas stations in Vegas. Can't complain about that! And they take credit cards.
Amazing food and great service. Good portions. Me and my wife will definitely be back!!
scammers trying to steal from small businesses, should be charged with a crime
Would not eat at the grill. Staff touches food with bare hands. Not a clean kitchen either
Loved the place. It had everything and they were ready to answer any question ls I had.
We were in and out in less than 5 minutes. Amazing service and completely hassle-free.
Good food, lobster bisque is top notch, good wine and a nice quiet atmosphere.
Needed a quick lunch and large portions.  Quick service and great hot sauce.    Thanks.
Casual, awesome restaurant, great food n service. Always my go to place you can never go wrong.
Best roti I have found in town.  The shrimp are plump and juicy.  Delicious!
Best brisket I've ever had....got there about an hour before they opened, well worth the wait
Miso with chicken was fantastic! Spiced just right totally hit the spot for a chilly rainy day.
It's vegetarian. What's more to say!
Great little neighborhood burger shop. Try the different toppings for something new.
Huge portions.  Had the chicken and shrimp pad Thai.  Excellent. Super friendly staff. Great patio!
Friendly staff and decent atmosphere. The chicken kabobs tasted like rubber unfortunately.
Pretty good food and service.  Chicken fingers are awesome.
Started as a bad experience, but at the end was happy with the new plant we got.
Janelle was very informative and made the experience great! Highly recommend checking them out
timely service and very accommodating, used for personal residence
Ray Kondler is a very knowledgeable CPA  ....and has saved me money.  Need I say more.
Love their vanilla white chocolate mocha!  Lattes are way better than Starbucks.
Large selection of house hold goods and a few really nice pieces and lots of antiques
Great authentic Mexican cuisine unlike Lindo Michuacan. The best owners!! Tina Rocks!!
Best pizza and Italian food around. Great customer service when you are here you are home.
Soooo underrated, what an amazing spot, tiny tiny but delicious! A total hidden gem!
The owner Doug, is just great! His cooking is fabulous! I recommend this place to everyone
not quite New York Bagels but close
Great service. Blinds were installed within the time frame promised & look wonderful.
Very interesting museum. We had a great time looking at all of the artifacts. Worth the trip.
Pretty spectacular. Wouldn't spend longer than five minutes there though
Always busy. Good sushi...a little on the pricey end but its always a popular place to go.
Most incredible.  Steak was cooked perfectly. Service was outstanding. Love the decor
Charlie rocks he's so professional and helpful and no BULL at all! You'll love working with him!
The owner is very kind. The store has many interesting things and video games and comic books!
Loved it! He got my husband on stage for a trick - so funny! Worth the walk!
The service here is good the staff is very friendly it was a pleasant experience I was in and out
Good quality chicken teriyaki in the mall. Very affordable and huge portion
Worst moving company of all time damaged just about everything never use them!
They have change the happy hour and now it's not the same.
Grt drinks and service!!
Bottomless mimosas! The tripical ones are the best. Food was awesome! Drew is the best!
My company too just got an invoice to this company, lazy people trying to get free money!
Had our puppy Emma spayed there today. They are great treated her so kind and good. So much cheaper
Food is very cheap. I tried almond chicken and it is ok, not bad for the price. Nice atmosphere.
Great tasting St Louis ribs.  Wooden parkbench decor.
Great furniture. Also outfitted nephew wither ver nice clothes. WPB
Out of Pico de Gallo!? But talk about a miserable staff, not one person was in a good mood. Yikes!!
Great food.  Great q chocolate pecan pie and sticky toffee pudding.  It has an outdoor patio.
Great food! Real friendly people. Ask for Joe. Great guy and knows how to take care of you!
Best Thai we have tried in this area. Would definitely come back. Delivery was very fast.
We received the most amazing party favors made by your business, for a wedding. They are beautiful!!
Still great place after years of bringing our dog to get groomed here. Always friendly service
Thursday night is a good night to go, but a bit boogie and gets really packed.
Awesome clean/sustainable food. We had a great waitress Sadie that served us. Not to be missed!
awesome happy hour menu. loved the sliders, the ramen with pork belly. great decor.
yay, me like the artichoke cheese pizza.
Very delicious Pho. Tons of flavor. Prices were good. Device was fast. Would come back.
This place is the standard for Lebanese food.  Absolutely craveable, absolutely delicious!
Very Nice Place...Relaxing...quiet and of course a great rejuvenating foot massage and body
Best Ramen in town IMO, love the Miso ramen and the pork buns are bombbbbbbbbbbbbb
Five stars. Best middle eastern food and services I've ever had. The salt lassi is amazing!
portions are massive but this is your standard local wings place. The decor needs updating.
The food are delicious! And price for their buffet is very affordable. Ill definitely come back!
Beautiful, warm, cozy place! A unique variety of things for a person who has a sweet tooth
I'm so happy that this shop is nearby! The employees here are super nice and fixed my far quickly!
horrible service.  horrible internet.  it's out everyday and they don't care.
Asian and Latin fushion = yummy!  Must get the sea bass and miso skewers!
Pretty good pizza and salad   plus if you want some desert Dunkin Donuts is next door :)
Great Mexican food at a great price!  Love the happy hour and friendly staff.
Love the studio and the classes. Teachers are great.... There is no excuse to not go practice!
One of my favorite spots to eat.  Great wings and the salmon salad is the best.  Wings are killer.
this  place is heinous.  the staff are nice but the food is revolting.  avoid at all costs.
Only had espar heater and Blower siwitch. Had me fixed fast.
Earl's is as good a place as any to grab a burger and a pint.  It's a reasonable spot.
If you want to eat raw chicken or steak go here. You will also get sick afterwords. Take it from me.
I think it sucks doing a crossword goodbye my chicken sweet sour chicken was still sick it was $8
Tasty breakfast. Chorizo breakfast burrito was good, big enough to split. Decent prices
Saltiest. Poutine. EVER. (that's not a good thing, by the way)
Great food & it's always consistently good!! We love their fish platters. It's the best!!
They switched their nachos to some bullshit.  Big chunk nachos need their names changed
Great find nestled in the heart of Old Montreal.
The owner is a good guy, truly tries to keep his customers happy.
Upscale food ...   busy location but the food is normally quick. I've never had a bad dish there!
Is Club Aruba still open Saturday's for Reggae night???   Thanks in advance for any info
This is an amazing restaurant. Great atmosphere and the food is sooo good.  Locally owned.
Amazing burger and great atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone looking for unique taste.
Professional, knowledgeable, and fair! Thank you, Patrick and Mr. Dragon for your help!
Lindsey is Gino & Zina's Groomer, she is EXCELLENT & they Love her!!
As great a car dealer as I've ever dealt with Amazing customer service Will use again
Best breakfast burrito I've tasted. So delicious. Cute area to sit outside in the shade.
Nice atmosphere and delicious food. Especially the Chicken N watermelon N waffle highly recommend.
Excellent local dinner in Vegas! Food and service was outstanding. It's worth the wait.
What an awesome place!  Homemade tortillas and the meat is flavorful. Good for the family.
Great place! Love their Deli! They have a great selection of wine and amazing food!
Tried this place for the first time and it was bomb!! The Mac and cheese is to die for
Always my go to for spring planting! Great selection and solid location! Friendly staff too
Good experience so far buying some smaller items and it's nice to have a bike shop close to home.
Food is just average.  Nothing too special.   If all else fails you can stop in for average food.
Worst experience ever , untrained staff and no knowledge of products  stay away shop online.
Wonderful company. Amazing owner.  Salt of the Earth.  One you can trust.    Don't hesitate.
This place is amazing everything I had so far is awesome and I love going back when ever I can.
I've never had a perfect meal or good service at this particular location.
My dog got razor burn twice on his penis area! Had to go to the vet because of it!
It's Great place to hangout and great food they have all kind of food and every thing good
I ordered some sweet potato fries and they didn't give me any siracha mayo sauce and give ketchup
Drive thru at 11 to 12 midnight is absolutely slow. 15 minute waits. No reason given.
Great place! Love the happy hour menu too. The braised short rib is great for breakfast or dinner
I like this place. If you're in the mood for Waffles, I encourage you to stop by.
LOVE everything about this restaurant! The employees are so mannerly and the food is so delicious!
It was just ok. They say it was voted best in Vegas, but I would really question that...
I'm getting SMOKIN' DEALS! It's good deal and look's soooo good! U have to try this place
this is the best night club ever! way better than XS
Good place for a Friday eve. A bit loud but good music .  Food wine and service was great.
Fish sandwich and potato cakes and slaw outstanding  90 minute IPA 22 oz drafts  Great service
Great food and service the lemon ricotta pancakes are awesome
Half priced shakes after 8pm? Uh, yes please. Sweet tooth satisfied!
Don't use this site, all of the airline ticket prices are more than what is posted elsewhere.
Super comfy and big leather seats! Chill atmosphere. My most favourite movie theatre ever.
Ordered 3 items. Only received two but paid for three. Really frustrating. Go somewhere else.
Pool, whiskey, chicken and friendly staff. Works for me.
i would say this place is awesome. games after games and the party dont stop
Cute waiters, great environment, quality drinks and tons of fun board games(Over 3000) !
Great prices and service. If you are unhappy with something just tell them. Very friendly
I love Teaspressa! At the grand opening and everything is amazing! So glad to have it in Arcadia
Thaali is worth the time and effort and the money - service is rude, slow and unapologetic.
Hey, made the Major for this location!  That's cool.  Fast service and typical good Starbucks.
Had a delicious hot dog. Best Colombian fast food restaurant here in Vegas ! Authentic
vegan options... lota of vegan options... even vegan spicy mayo and unagi.. need i say more??
Order the grits! They are really creamy. Didn't like the eggs thou.
Awesome stores for all you naughty adults !  Thanks for all your help Nicole and bobe !
Their burgers are amazing! Also their whiskey sours are made proper (with an egg). Staff are great!
Wonderful service for my toddler girl. Dina did an awesome job! Service was quick and fast too.
$90.00 for a plastic candy cane decoration!!!!!! You have got to be kidding me!!!!!! Rip off!!!!
This place is fantastic! Great service- welcoming atmosphere- and my salad was DELICIOUS!
This restaurant customer service is superb! All the way from the hostess to the waiter
Great prices good slection of herb best in the city check them out always got them good deals to
i love Vape N Co. This place is amazing and the staff is great! so helpful and so knowledgeable  :)
I like this place! It is very easy to find what you are looking for. Nice staff, Highly recommend!
Had a good time here. Simple wings. Some cold beer. Hit the spot. Greatly enjoyed it.
This office is great. They made a scary dentist appointment so great and enjoyable :)
Food is good, the young girls need help with how to take care of guest. Service is poor.
The dessert crepes are waaay better to order than the savory crepes. Simple. Short.
Solid shopping options. Frightening parking lot.
This place is a nice place to go very cool atmosphere and the food is delicious and authentic.
game time is now closed for good. somebody didn't pay the rent.
Always excellent service and food at this location.
Try Melt, you will not be disappointed!  One of the best sandwiches places in the US.
What a great experience.  We couldn't be happier with our amazing artists.  Thank you Matt & Joe
Delicious food, attentive staff and good prices range
Food was great,  but the service was a little slow in keeping coffee and water filled.
They make the best curry in Las Vegas!  My boyfriend and I really enjoy this place.
Excellent place. Good variety of food and an extensive beer list. I'll go back.
Great show. Huge fan. My wonderful girlfrend took me for the show and I had the best time ever!
Love this place, so glad to have a Thai place so close and so good!
I absolutely love this place! Mike and Mimi are the best! I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Great improv comedy house. Shows on Friday and saturday, we went on Friday and it was a good show!
This place is the ultimate in living in Phoenix. Close to airport, restaurants, and its so classy!
Great customer service and quick turn around for them to come and unlock my keys from my car.
This was great pizza and Vinnie  is almost like family now, since he got our photo on his wall:-)
this guy just wants your money doesn't care about the service and you get a chem burn and no refunds
Outstanding from start to finish. Classy environment, great customer service!
Simple review. GREAT service. BETTER food. CUTE ATMOSPHERE!   Steak was the best we have ever had!
Compudoc has completed repairs for years always with honest results.
Excellent customer service and follow up. Would highly recommend Big O and this team.
Very good food. Always great service. Wanda is best.Welcome to Alexandra. Try the baked Greek wings.
Fresh and simply prepared wholesome Vietnamese food with vegetarian and gluten free options.
Great meat and cheese plate. Love relaxing on the patio! Macaroni and cheese was rich and yummy!
My favorite place! The BEST Salvadoran food in town!!!
Good service bbq was tastee. Overall happy!
Got the rancho and the Greek, not so bad but I probably won't go back... Too heavy for me...
Best Chicken Marsala I've ever had. Also, save room for the delicious gluten free chocolate mousse.
Papers inside my drink??? What happened?? That's why I always see that nobody is there.
I liked going to this stadium!! This is my first game ever.. crowd was cheerful and energetic
Horrible service , didn't offer anything of their deals , ya need up paying more for raw chicken
King Kone has the best Ice Cream around and plenty of options!
Love this place! Best food and service! Alejandra and Alicia were so helpful and nice!
Great food and great ambiance.
Ugh, ate there once.....end of story.
Nothing special.  Samosas not bad.  Entrees just ok.  Man behind the counter was very pleasant.
Recommend the pulled pork sandwich, panini, and most importantly, the waffle fries.
Good select of private brands and National ones. Great heat and eat family meals.
Great place, very good staff and the best hookah! Owner is very friendly makes everyone feel at home
Great dentist and staff always nice going into a place and receiving great customer service.
Best Starbucks around. Great staff, and a great way to start my day with a positive experience.
Great place. Warm and inviting. Great breakfast at a great price. Nice portions and large variety.
I had the bacon burger witch tastes like bleach and my fries were not the best either.
The best sushi around.  Great quality, prices are high, but worth it.
First time that I have had Eggplant Parm that was not breaded and fried. Incredibly delicious.
Hubby and I at the philly cheesesteak and it was gr8. God customer service and great food.
Food is usually good but delivery always takes at least an hour and a half, even on tuesday nights..
I've heard it's permanently closed!  What a shame.  This was one of my favorite places.
In Spanish el chorro technically means "getting the runs" and that's exactly the case .
they suck, dont bother. they should really close their doors. very big waste of time and money.
expensive but the food is great and the drinks are awesome and different
This bar is always open. 24 hrs and it's just like any other typical bar in Vegas. Nothing special
The coffee was good, but he barista was grumpy. Not friendly at all. Did 't smile once
Terrible service. Came here on a Friday night and was ignored by the bartender for 30 minutes.
Delicious empanadas and friendly staff. Real easy to find. Will eat here again when visiting Vegas
We saw Dr. Morgan  Daimle and Paula today First time meeting and they both were very nice.
Very delicious sandwiches. Freshly made . Yummy. Highly recommended:-) I had Turkey Sandwich.
Pleasantly surprised to be offered and receive customer service. Rare at stores like this.
Pan Asia is good!  I love their salads!  Beware that they do traditional Thai spicy!!!
was not sure what to expect...but, it was fantastic. Some great choices and fresh ingredients.
Super bomb food..the pizza was delicious and the slice was big ....the wings are so good
Eva did a terrific job, she's very kind and threaded my eyebrows very quickly. They look amazing!!!!
went there for glasses.....$750....... went to Costco, same frames....$229 and better lenses
Lots of fun trying the wines before we were able to get a bottle we wanted for dinner
Love the food , as a local, they have the vest sea bass The tapas plates are amazing , all of them
I usually order for delivery. Once in awhile go there. Food pretty good. Service is good..
Dddddd
Pi a Colada y Horchata son nuestras favoritas.
A little bit on the pricey side but I love this place! I always get the chicken pad Thai!
Known for jajamyun and jjampong, they also have tansuyuk and spicy version here. Solid food :)
Great place to go for excellent food & top notch beer!  The BEST!  Look forward to going every time!
This company just bought our building. They are impossible  to get a hold of.
Dark bar with cheap drinks sing, get wasted and smoke cigs then fall up crazy stairs.
Kind of Pricey compared to Wal-Mart but I found it less crowded it was ok
Ashley is a great waitress and Nick makes some fantastic food. Will definitely be back again
I love this place great food but my favorite is the lounge so beautiful love it!
Checking is ridiculous and the staff could care less. Spend an hour plus in rental line.
Excellent food with a relaxed atmosphere.  Ask to be seated in Paul's section - great waiter
Kelly is an awesome waitress at Sauce and always takes good care of us as regular customers!
Spectacular. Food, ambiance, service, everything. A gem for the west side. Can't wait to come back.
Not. Cool.  I'm pretty pissed that I paid $175 for this. This is a damn joke. Never again.
Overpriced, poor quality, bad customer service.  Don't waste your money.
Pizza is the bomb every day kids dream we got all the veggies and bacon and it was to die for.
This is sooool gooood I cant wait to come back I got the jack omelet and also a pancake
Great atmosphere, eclectic selection of beers and wines, and a staff that will keep you coming back!
My favorite hotel in Vegas.  Be sure to ride the gondola's.
This place is super clean, food is great and our server Reagan was awesome!! Highly recommend!!
Hostess literally gave a stuck up attitude when we asked to have better seats for our group.
Reuben is amazing! He understood what I liked and the massage at the end didn't hurt either!
Good way to start off a weight loss program!
I loved it. Served fast. Great waiter. Had French toast. First time I ever had bacon.
This is the best pizza I have had in Arizona since I moved here from New York. Hands down
The service was amazing but I ordered the beef stew and it was a bowl of mush. It was terrible.
The best donut place I have found in Scottsdale! It is similar to Shipleys in the south!
Best egg roll I've ever had- trust me this place has it figured out- get an egg roll and bahn mi-
Don't waste your time.  The portions are tiny and the food is bland and overpriced.
SNS is my new favorite. Color lasts and they have a great selection of colors to choose from.
Their snowpeas with garlic was good.  Congee not so good, I tought Chi's Congee was better.
Small and cozy, quick service and good selection of rolls.
Awesome services, nice and clean facility. Total relaxation!! Ask for weiwei she is the best!!
Cheap, delicious, & they deliver!! Great for where ever you are on campus, online ordering & FAST!!
Wasn't really a speakeasy. Big sign with an open door. But the bar was nice! Great drinks!
Fantastic food, excellent service,  good prices!! I recommend it anyone on the west side of Vegas!!
Our annual sister visit to Los Dos, where we are treated like family. Great food and margaritas.
Not safe for women! Beware!! Security and management will kick you out if you've been assaulted.
Amazing food and the service was spectacular. It was so authentic. Thanks for the great service.
Sigh...Asked for an extra hot chai soy latte. It was lukewarm... I regret spending 8 dollars.
Best sandwich in town.  Love the cheesesteak or bobbie.  Either way works for me.
Went back in for take-out. Same order and thighs were a little bigger this time, so ok now.
The food is no better than its counterpart, Denny's. Don't waste your money.
Prawns and cheesesteak for sure! Kimchi fried rice was meh. The cocktails are great too!
Premi re exp rience.   priori tr s bien. Service un peu long. Brownies tr s bon pour le prix.
So good! Ham and cheese was delicious.  They serve mostly dessert crepes.  Highly recommend!
Team took extra care of my car and got it sparkling! Great job!
average burger joint. definitely over priced, beef quality is lacking and the wait is horrendous
Stopped by had amazing selections of macaroons. Awesome customer service by ms. mayra.   Dr. Singh
The service is really good, the food is great and authentic.  I really enjoyed the softshell crab.
Great food and good service ... Loved mutton karahi and platter. Mutton biryani is a must
A little salty, but is really great.
Very bland tasting food, expensive, and they charge for hot sauce.  LAME
This place is a dump with poorly trained staff that blame the owner/management for all the problems
Great food. Very confusing for a first timer on where you order but really authentic food
A+ customer service. I come in there all the time. One of the ladies now knows me by name!
Love this place- always friendly staff, good selection, and nice layout. Prices are competitive.
Great food, and excellent service. My 6 year old, a very picky eater, love going here.
It's hard not to really like a free, quality show.  This may be the best free show on the strip!
love the range of mediteranean and american food here.
Excellent service and good food :) We will be coming back (especially to try the fried ice cream).
Great tacos. One of the best places for al Pastor tacos. Friendly staff. Will be back.
Clean facility, glad it opened nearby  gets kinda busy, but i go during off times.
This nail salon is amazing ! Another visit success these are awesome ! Chrome for days !
Simple. They're abusing the ice machine. I order drinks not styrofoam cups full of ice
Love that they have daiya cheese! Having vegan options makes it a weekly stop for us! Thank you!
Place is trash. Dirty. Over priced. Rude. Disrespectful. Cookies are not homemade. Skip it.
This place looks high end. I got a really nice fade. And the prices are good, for the service u get.
Love Asia! And always love my nails! NAB offers quality products and reasonable prices.
Was rushed in for a quick updo that came out great and lasted all night!
Very tasty donuts! Wish I had one in my hand right now.
Hello everyone!   I just wanted to let you know that this establishment is now CLOSED!
Quote was accurate. Showed up on time and my house sparkles. They did a really good job! Thank you!
Unbelievably good. Yum. Chicken and waffles the best I've ever had!!  Service great. I'll be back.
Ghetto. I hate going here. I just stick to Scottsdale Fashion square for now.
The cheese dip here is in my top 3 favorites of all time! Love the rooftop area! Great bar!
This place was hands down delicious!!!  Staff and owner are very friendly and inviting!!
Just in case you don't live here and need some Wendy's...this one is permanently closed.
Great, fast service and very friendly people. Highly recommended!
Great ambiance, wine & cocktail list and nice tasty food! Outoor patio is a great place to brunch
So the delivery was really fast and the pizza was delicious! Definitely recommend this place :)
My new favorite hookah spot. I would def recommend getting there early, they get super busy.
Good pizza considering the price. Fast and friendly service.
So far so good, purchased my appliance last week, everything has been working :)
The food is good, but I love love love the creme brulee here! They have some of the best desserts.
15hours in Vegas...why not yard it? Order a "5 o'clock somewhere" and call it a night
Very yummy cookies. I got a basket for my grandma and she was very happy. Fresh and delicious.
The chicken shawarma is nothing short of spectacular! You can really taste the authenticity.
Meh. Food is boring and greasy.
This place is my wife's new love. The pear cobbler is a worth the visit
Great service & food....and it was packed. I would definitely recommend but also visit again.
Best value sushi place in th valley. Good rolls and variety.
Finest pita bread fresh out of the oven. Our family loves to come here. Very kid friendly
It's ok place but hope that they change their dips. It has so much to offer but n ed a change
The jerk pulled pork sandwich is soooooooooooo gooooood omgggg
Whenever I can get the tabouli from this place is a great day!  Excellent every time :-)
Bbq and beer!!!  The brisket was amazing and definitely try the mustard sauce.  Great job!
Ugh! Sat outside forever, no one ever came by. got up and left, went to Nando's.
Sunday nights at this place are always fun!!!  Great prices for drinks as well!
Portions were too small, nothing spectacular.
I will never eat here again , potions were terrible   Charged me for my salad!!! really!!!!
Wynn from ARC is the most unprofessional ,rude person we have ever dealt with.
Great atmosphere, excellent brew and authentic food options!! Great patio! Will go again!!
Excellent Dogs.  Great Music. Good Beer Selection. Perfect place to hang with friends  'Nuff Said!
Funny, there were more flys than customers in the Starbucks, just a tad bit uncomfortable.....
Love the tomato soup and toasted cheese sandwiches - best in the world
Nice shop with good selection of random finds.  Decent discount area and friendly staff
very good service I was seen and picked out glasses within 45 min. and I did not have a appt.
best breakfast place ever. The people here are so friendly and kind. And the breakfast is AMAZING
Awesome food. The waitresses are little awkward, but my favorite are the dragon balls.
What a delightful find,great appetizers, entries and desserts with service to match.
When I die, I hope I go to the big costco in the sky....
This place is the perfect for Sunday night football. And the new hookah they just got are amazing.
great price on vegetables. make sure to check the dates on the packaging and youll be satisfied
Great food, casual dining, great service and good people!
Very sad to see it go, was great quality and a great price.
Faboosh! Some of the best food in Toronto -- you will not be disappointed! YUMMMY!
The best thing for a good pick up and go are the BBQ pork and cream cheese buns.
If you've got time to kill, this is the place u want. 40 minutes after order...still waiting
Great food, great service! Nice Mother's Day discount! I'll definitely be back.
Great neighbourhood diner, inexpensive and consistently good food! Love their skinny fries!!
Outstanding homemade food in a nice little hideaway location.    A great place for a business lunch.
Good steaks, good prices for Vegas Strip. Robert was an excellent server.
Yum!! The egg and spring rolls r delish!  Red curry is a family favorite along with the pad tai.
I don't think this diner is going to last. They need to rethink their branding and food selection.
Fantastic place! Incredible inventory. Thanks Airpark for the fantastic customer service.
Disappoint....they took our favourite item off the menu ....Mexican pizza. Bring it back please.
I love this place. I stop in for lunch every couple of weeks. The Samosa Chat is AMAZING!
Mauvais service exp rience client d sagr able absence total de service   la client le
Have had their curry rice bowl, egg rolls, and chicken katsu. Simple, fresh, delicious!
Best chicken shwarma I've had, wife agrees too. No frills just good food.
Everyone here is great!!!!!!! Could not ask for more perfect artists to style my hair.
one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the valley. Their Dandan noodle is the best.
Had two GT4s wrapped here, excellent service, great product l;asting 2+ years.  Thank you very much
Lunch break is amazing! Great food and they deliver! They are quick friendly and great prices!
My wife and I have been waiting nearly an hour for our food.  Just about ready to leave.
Excellent food. Nice decor. Reasonably priced.
Horrible take on wings. Horrible pairing with blue cheese. So dissatisfied.
We were there on open mic night everyone was friendly, service was great and music was fabulous!
Great experience with Nicola! Will come back again for any additional piercings I want
Interesting. Good for the experience. Need to update with the other avengers as well tho :)
Fresh & Healthy, this place is great & the workers do a great job
Really good treats! Great variety! Definitely recommend. Fair prices and polite staff
Did the easter brunch there.  Service was slow.  Food not good enough to visit again.
Delicious food.  Beware can be quite spicy.
I love katsu! Great food, & prices... I usually go for all you can eat at lunch time.
Corporate Mexican food, nothing to brag about, but for the area, adequate.
This place is expensive compared to other local diners. Not impressed!!
Great place to unload extra blood cells to be recycled into someone else!
Decent crepes and great ambience. Nothing to die for but its a good chill spot during the summer
So efficient. I was in and out in literally 5 minutes. Only $17. Such a nice change from California.
Excellent place as either a local or a tourist. These bagels are delicious!
Best suites in Vegas. Front desk was very efficient and helpful.
So frustrating.  I keep trying because I absolutely love my bike but maybe one more chance.
Good food, nice environment. Went on happy hour and the service was just ok. Overall good experience
Hilarious! Can't beat the price, 20 bucks! This is honestly one of the best comedy shows in Vegas.
Great place for Sushi. Great ambiance though can get a bit noisy at times. The buffet is incredible.
This is a Del Taco, Service standard, food standard. Its definitely not Cafe Rio
My favorite Taco Tuesday in old town! Great shredded beef tacos. Really great deals.
The beer is hit and miss. The service by Sarah was horrible. She obviously hates life.
Top late-night cheap pizza in Oakland; good pizza any time of the day. And that's the truth, Ruth.
Yummy coffee, friendly service & best of all it's not a Starbuck's! (or a Sixbuck's if you will)
Now that I've visited a few more times (read: every chance I get) I can safely upgrade this to a 5!
somebody please delete my review. I am having PC troubles and barely got this explanation typed
I love this local nail salon. Low prices and VERY consistent fabulous results!! Highly recommend!
I've been taking CPR classes since 2002.  Mike Camden is an exceptional teacher.
Thin crust. Pizza made in front of you. HOT and decent vegetarian options. Little too much oil.
The cashier: we don't have ANY of the food that you see in the case. Poorly ran, dirty.
I LOVE this place!! Try the asian pear salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts. Truly divine.
Awesome communal vibe and home brews on tap. Had the brisket and was very impressed. Great spot.
Amazing food all types breakfast lunch and dinner....great tasting
Good deals on pizza for students, should really get mozzarella sticks and sell by the slice.
Don't come here they didn't do shit for me... In so much pain they send me home. F$&k this place
Best Sandwich in Charlotte!  Try the Jack's OUTLAW.  I love the all-day breakfast too.
The best food in town , fast delivery And a awesome  relationship with customer !!   I recommend
Good tasting bean soup & chick-pea soup. Service was relatively quick.
Great spot to catch a show. Good sound and good venue. A litte dated however.
Great beer and friendly, knowledgeable service. Highly recommended!!!
Very pleased! Glad to have someone willing to come to me who gives a cut that I am happy with
Pork chops... .  The bread pudding. OMG. Cleaned our plates.  Can't wait to come back!
Bill from Seattle was a great server and very friendly .     The apple pie is off the hook.
Great food at an affordable price, one of my go-to spots when I'm craving Mexican food.
I ordered a philly cheesesteak and it all mushrooms and barely any meat
Excellent food and customer service.  They have a special right now on a 3 taco plate.
I've eaten a lot of burritos in my day. That was hands down the worst yet.   Shameful
Staff is great! Nice office and competent people.
Daughter loves it and these employees really give it their all and do it for the kids
I've become a regular.
STOP - DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY!!  Horrible service, bait and switch pricing, these guys are crooks!
Carryots sucks they put me on hold for more then 20 mins, any server could take my order.
Awesome food! Friendly wait staff. Bartenders are great, too!  Wedding soup is best I have ever had!
great food  and good service definitely a nice bar with a lot of action
Great ambience  Located inside Golden Nugget.  Service is great.  Make room for Venetian dessert.
Got a haircut here, all around good experience. Great price and great cut. definitely will recommend
Love the food here, our favorite place for dinner downtown. Staff is always attentive.
Mac,  A truly AMAZING show!! WORTH EVERY PENNY! Very Family Friendly!
Love the happy hour here!! Mussels, little necks, oysters you name it
Had the G-Ma's Mac (Pic posted).  Couldn't stop eating it.  Friendly, attentive staff.
Delicious filet with carrots and potatoes, wonderful desert-butter cake and excellent service.
Fantastic donuts in Cleveland's Hingetown neighborhood!   Opened July 2018.
Cool atmosphere! Me and my dad got a beer here before the game. A lot of fun and cool outdoor area!
Amazing store and wonderful staff! They continue to make wonderful arrangements at a great price
Great massage at an amazing price!
Yum Yum.... This place is definitely delicious I would recommend it to anyone in the area
I live in Denver, but may have to take a trip here just for the wings! They are legit!
Great food & drinks. Yummy cheese plates. Cozy atmosphere. One of the best places in the area.
Great Costumer Service, Real cool Guys! I would use them again for any other event I host!!
Love this place. Great portions, awesome food, staff is friendly and an amazing value
Great flower and friendly staff  Always good   Always will   6 stars  12th St and camelback
Very cute place, the decor is beautiful here, food was amazing as well I will def be back
Their exchange deals kinda suck. I could've gotten more money for my items if i sold them on eBay.
The food is amazing and Maria's exceptional service made my eggs taste that much better
Good job Luxx! Your story has been posted nationwide. Bet some new managment is coming huh?
Nice ambience and simple tasty food. Perfect for dinner and lunch in group and double.
The homemade Pappardelle Bolognese was absolutely delicious!!!! Highly recommend it !!!!
Tried the banana crepes and strawberries... yum!! This has to be a regular when we visit Vegas!
This place is awesome. Very much impressed. It's funny I was the only Non asian person in there lol
no other place like it.   leave your girlfriends/wives at home.
Excellent healthy choice for lunch however it is not cheap/inexpensive like Yelp labels it
Typical taco bell/KFC. Doesn't participate in dbacks taco promo.
Had tacos and a few beers.  The food was good and the server was fast and friendly
Itty bitty portions of average Asian fusion food.
great gluten free pizzas. great service. great beer selection. Best place to eat in Cork town.
Great food and wonderful service. I will definitely be back soon!!! One of the best tacos I ever had
Great pizza!!!! Has got to be the best pizza in town. Just don't count on any real customer service.
D jeun  OK, rien de super sp cial mais bon...
The meatball sandwich was cold and made me very ill. Pretty terrible :( not coming back ever
This is always our first stop when we come to Vegas. The oyster sampler is a must.
Delivery was prompt and the food was delicious.  The lunch special servings were enormous.
Lort p  d se ...
Always friendly and helpful. I never feel like I'm being "up sold" a repair I don't really need.
Very pleasant and at least during the day quiet coffee place, which from my experience is rare.
Totally CORRUPT! They will rip u off! WaRning!! No ethics- they won't pay out- the WORST!
Awful.  Rude owner, dishonest.  Dirty salon.
Great Father's Day meal, thanks! AND Thank You to Casey for the wonderful service!
Tasty food, good coffee, and a nice place to hangout or take a break
The BEST Mexican food in town. Fast service as well. Will recommend to all my friends!!
I love Tim Bits. But I do not like to see a piece a half size of others in the box!!
Messed up my topping and still got charged $22 for a pick up pizza smh
Good service. They have shuttle bus service to the strip..
Did minimal work possible and rushed me out. She kinda just did what she wanted and told me to dip.
Thank you for the great late night treat, it was awesome! We had a "flight" and it was perfect!
Super good, their burgers were very fresh and the vibe was great!!
Service lent et surtout peu aimable, dommage pour un brunch qui  tait bon dans l'ensemble
Nice pastries, coffee and atmosphere. Great having to have options in north #Ajax. #FoodForThought
Went there and had the salmon and it wasn't even cooked!! Won't be back here ever again.
Always dependable. Hot and fresh breakfast, made to order burgers.
It's a new , upcoming business and they are pleasure to talk about your hair care needs!!
Don't come on Sunday, no servers, long wait for golf.  Seems run by high-schoolers.  Understaffed.
This hotel is so beautiful. The hotel rooms are beautiful. I'm going to miss staying here
Very good Greek food. Very pleasant staff. One of our favorite places. Good Fast food.
This place sucks massive dick.   like its terrible
Been a few times, one of the better mexican restaurants in town.
Great employees here. Amazing food as well. Very personal and passionate about their food.
best pepperoni to pizza ratio on the market, ur the GOAT.   peace and luv, ur #1 fan
Ordered the French Dip.  Copious amounts of meat bit it was dry and tough.  Disappointing
Love This Sports Bar me & Wife had a Great Time here Good Food & Great Drink. Prices.
Mariachi was playing while we were there for dinner. What a treat  food is good as usual
Great food, excellent Happy Hour with an amazing buffet!!!
don't be fooled by the white linen table cloths. this place is crap crap & more crap!!
Double double animal style with a strawberry shake.  Life doesn't get much better than this.
Very happy with my pedicure and acrylics. Kelly did an awesome job and was a pleasure to talk to.
Had the steak tacos - just ok nothing great.  I would go to Rubio's always compared to Wahoo's.
Worse service ever. Slowest restaurant ever. I dont know how you can stay in business.
I really want to like joe fresh, but the quality reflects the price. Cheap, and made in Asia.
Great Bagels and people were very nice. We will be back soon! Love the mom and pop feel.
The complex is dirty, and the management is rude. Do not move here.
This place used to be great....now it's horrible service and food. Where is the management?
Great selection with some knowledgeable people
The food was great and the service was awesome. They have a great selection of items to buy.
Love sals..a bit pricey for pizza but you can't beat the figgy piggy unless you fly to Italy Imo
The food was delicious and innovative. Service wasn't great but overall I would go back again.
Goooood stuff , nice people , relaxing atmosphere.
THESE are REAL NY bagels. Best bagels in western NC. Period.
Best burgers ever and friendly staff.  I love this place and indulge at least once a month.  Yum!
Always good food and friendly service. 4th time at this location, will continue to come back.
I know we are in the desert but the food should not be dry. But I gambled and lost on this buffet.
Absolutely fantastic. Had an amazing experience here with my girlfriend. Worth every penny.
I make an excuse to say here every 3 months or so.    The time in between is hell.
I wish I could give no stars. TERRIBLE customer service and way too overpriced. DO NOT GO HERE.
Great eye doc and surgeon. Sometimes long wait as are all good physicians but be prepared.
This is the only place I'll go for my nails. Great service, friendly staff, all around terrific!
Spa Package Options
Great prices and service! Everything we ate was delious and generously portioned.
I got takeout and it was quick and pleasant. The portion was generous and the squid was super tasty.
This place is the truth!!..cheers Salty Cellers!!..Lauren is the best!!
Very long line and nothing special with that sandwiches. good and testy but not worse to wait
The huge thin crust supreme pizza we had was delicious! If we lived here, we would be returning.
They have really good pizza and I love the variety of toppings! The prices are very reasonable!
sucks so bad slow and internet fluctuates every half hour sometimes
You guys are inept, lines like 12-15 deep and you are shutting lines down right at that moment,
They have quite the tequila menu. The tacos are real good. Chips n salsa was good.
Best prices in town!!!! The staff is very helpful and friendly. Best Bariatric program in Las Vegas.
It was so frikkn hot today the donkeys went into hibernation.  Anywas, the park was clean and fun.
Always a good place to park for the airport.  Just give yourself enough time and you'll be fine.
Coffee is a little overpriced, but it has a very friendly atmosphere and great location.
As close as your gonna get to home!!! Old school feel also!!
This place was good. You get to custom build your pizza and no toppings cost you additional money!
You must try the mojitos! Jacob and Ryan at the bar make the best strawberry mojitos ever!!!
Close to greyhound terminal and opens early
Great staff & great deals. Check the deals out beforehand. Really enjoyed myself here
Gobi on the buffet was very flavorful, and spicy, the individual flavors stand out well.
Love the burgers.  Love the breakfast even more.  And Diet Dr Pepper fountain drink - heaven.
Great place!! Great deal!! Go get your haircut here!!! Great new location & great stylists!!
Horrible wait time personal in front desk staff don't know what they doing system gets down often!!
Great selection of cold beer,  amiable bartender and football on almost every TV. Am I in heaven?
Don't waste your money. Reasonable service from wait staff, poor food quality and way over priced.
went for dim sum last summer after graduation MEDICORE! it was not that good at all
The pies here are really good and they are pretty filling. I'll be trying the rest of their menu!
Didn't  like the crab Benedict was fishy and old crabs!  The pancake of done it's not good too
Excelente el servicio, muy amables y atendieron muy r pido aunque no ten a cita
Amazing sweet potato fries. Period.
I came here after a night out for my sisters bachelorette and thank god we did this !
Love the vibe, u guys rock !!!!!
Total scammers. These guys have been doing this for years. Just received my fake invoice.
Does anyone know how much it is to get a full hair dye + ombre for hair up your middle back here?
Love this family owned business with homemade ice cream.  So many flavors to choose from!!
Always great. We park here every trip that we take.
Amazing! Wish I could see all the Cirque shows. If you love the Beatles you will love this.
Monday at 8pm and not crowded at all
one of my fave places!  a must for me everytime i hit up vegas.....
Good services and good prices too. Thx!!! Open after 5pm which is nice also.
Great food great service from Kat we will be back bacon and avocado omelette is the best
Great brisket!!!  Wonderful people!!!!  Get there early as they sold out today before 1pm.
Fixed my M8s charger port, gave me a screen protector. ezpz
This place is fast friendly and has amazing fresh boba!!! I get the taro smoothie with extra boba!
Good chicken. Nice new addition for a quick meal. Love the salad with mint. I'll be back.
Nice and fresh flowers always...good job ...affordable prices too Thank you for kindly service
Great spot to go late nights after the strip. The service was spot on and the food was great.
Still have ice in my smooth. Not a few cubes but a block of ice. Never had that happened in my life.
Food was good, ordered the chicken fried rice, shrimp tempura, fried zucchini and edamame.
Delicious sushi. Unexpected favorite of the night was a peanut pancake dessert. Yum!
Service was fast and polite.  Food came out hot and full of flavor.  Cant ask for more.
Eric was prompt, got the job done quickly & charged fairly.   We will call him again..
Great atmosphere. The lamb is great. Wait staff very attentive. Good beer selection on tap.
Perfectly cooked and accurate as always. They cleared that line quick! Just as good as back at home!
absolutely the best burgers ever!!!! no other burgers can compare. love the fries! nuff said.
sales men very pushy very rude to customers prices extremely high shop else where!  save your gas!
Good price  Good service.  Food tasty is more than average  and  Crew service mind So good.
Room is spacious. And my room has a fantastic view. But no free wifi is definitely a minus
Good choice of food, nice service and atmosphere
Baklava is maybe the best I've ever had but the food taste and quality is inconsistent.
Such a fun vibe! I've heard great things and I must say what I've tried so far I've really enjoyed.
This place is always busy. The food is consistent and reliable. My children love the kids meals.
Great place for some southern cuisine. Better reach there earlier to get a nice spot.
Ok tacos and margaritas.  Nothing to write home about
Whoops - 6 time Super Bowl Champs!
The best Mexican food on the planet!  Please open one in Dayton, OH
Tasty! Foods good! Fast! Nothing fancy just a old school place that has good food at great prices!
AH so good. fresh fresh fresh. closest to koreatown in LA you can find here.
Worst service...over an hour to get a drink in a half full place. Avoid this at all costs
The complex is dirty, and the management is rude. Do not move here.
Spicy chicken wrap so delicious and you can totally share it it's huge. Love this joint
Not impressed.. Go to Pizza Hut a couple blocks down. Better pizza and it costs less.
I really enjoyed coming to Bubbly Nails. My nails look beautiful and the staff is awesome.
Really pretty good. The salmon was fresh, and the staff friendly. I'll be back!
Amazing food ... but customer service is really really bad ... girls in the cashier has no manner
Ridiculous 10.00 and you get about 15 over cooked calamari rings. Do not order from here.
Six Word Review: "Meh food. Followed by stomach ache."
The hot and sour fish cost $24.99 not $7.45 light the guy say. Service is really bad.
best location.  Get waxed by Amanda almost pain free this time! so worth the money, and no pain!
This black bear diner was good.  Had a bear claw and smoked sausage.
Great staff! Took very good care of my sister while she had surgery and was recovering.
What a great local pizza place!  Neat outside atmosphere and the kale salad and pizza was delish!
This is the best location ever really friendly cashiers lovely service fast on serving.
Very cool atmosphere. The BBQ duck wings are a must try.
Do it.  Interesting.  Little bit pricy but who cares when is this good. Smart,  fun food
love this place the Chinese chicken salad its best. BOMB!
Didn't taste ethnic, they said they only have deep fried chicken. It tasted like Manchu Wok
I love the large artisan selection of desserts!  I stop there whenever I can.
Finally.....people who deliver compassionate care for animals!  Keep up the great work!!!
Best hummus ever!  Disappointed with falafel.  Yummy watermelon salad.
stone cold food and grumpy service, this place is going down hill fast, just not the same!
AWESOME!!! Carne & fries are AMAZING!! Close to my area. Will definitely be back to try tacos.
Worst Pizza Hut Anywhere.  Pie was damn near inedible.  Crust is never cooked.
Good food. Nice waitstaff. Great tea. Service is a little slow, but the pita is amazing.
Pretty cool place got to see Avici upclose and got in free not a bad place at all.
The absolute most amazing buffet I've ever had in my life! Everything is so fresh and so good!
Customer services is pure hawaiian style! Great services as always.  Food is UNO!
Over priced was going to order lad nah to go didn't even have that. I wouldn't come here again.
Creative menu. Nice seating available outside. Hard to believe it is owned by eatnpark!
This place has fun things to buy and my henna turned out perfectly! And lasted a long time :).
Best atmosphere in the summer. Great pumpkin curry.  Wish they were open for lunch.
Always love Milo's. The wine selection is incredible. And the ladies night deals are awesome!
Fabulous Russian food, vodka and specials!
The Doc took really good care of Mr. Kaz's bird toe. Nice, friendly, compassionate caring staff.
I paid them for a car wash, oil change and a transmission fluid change. Did a pretty good job.
Absolutely delicious food, great service, and gorgeous scenery. Perfect place for any meal.
I visited Charlotte recently and quickly became obsessed with the breakfast sandwiches at Amelie's.
Great company.. Best one I ever deal with
Perfect date night! Sunset dinner, romantic evening. Lovely view and ambience. Great experience
Too salty for some reason this time. The caterpillar roll and one of the dragin rolls are too salty.
Pretty darn good breakfast...lots of choices, good service!
Cleanliest Walgreens bathroom out of all VEGAS on the strip at least.
First time oil change here. Very pleased with service. Loved the free car wash...will be back!
Best bakery in town.  Great soup and homemade cheeses too.  Love the atmosphere too.
Your classic vegas buffet, nothing special. Lot of variety, but nothing tastes good.
Loved this spot. Sat outside with the kiddos. Food was great and the beer was even better!
Hot and ready is NEVER ready. Even if you order ahead, you still wait 30 mins and they don't care!
Best KOREAN BBQ at Las Vegas.  It's nice and clean and good service.  I would come back again.
I cannot say enough great things about this place. Bonus- $5 appetizersfor happy hour.
View is cool. Steak was average. The spinach salad is really tasty. Expected more.
Very good quality food but just a bit on the pricey side - great service
Best ramen in Vegas.  Shoyu ramen w/fried rice and a side of potstickers.
Great food and atmosphere! Definitely a nice hidden gem, will be returning for more great pizza!
I have shopped here for years. Very Friendly and great variety of hot sauce.
Great place Great food. Shirley our server was the best! Will definitely recommend and come back
Good lunch buffet for a cheap price,  no chicken balls??
Healthy, fresh, made to order, and fast.  This is a Great place for lunch or a light dinner.
Friendly staff. Unique corals. Fair prices. Will definitely return! Store is super clean.
Chef Steve was on time and he DELIVERED ! A great Italian meal for 18,.. we will be back!
***Overpriced and undersized (Cake-Balls)***
Tried this place again...not coming back! Jeezus people, get your sh** together. Horrible service!!!
Love it great tasting food and excellent customer service. Kids eat free on Sundays!
This is a zero star review. Just went for lunch at 1 pm and it was closed, what the fuck???
Great food, service and people!  You've hit the mark, MoMo!  We will be back soon.
Amazing ramen! And the prices are very affordable too. The place is very clean, truly Japanese.
Found this Gem accidentally Just as good as in Tucson Nice Friendly Atmosphere and Service!!!
What a great product!  I'll be back to taste and stock up at home!
Love Image & Frame. Easy to order online and really great quality prints.
Great place! (Even if it wasn't in an airport)  Will definitely stop by again if I fly thru PHX.
Love it id drive from anywhere in the valley to eat it thx god I live down the street from it now
Outstanding food! My favorite is the butter chicken with the cheese nan, it's to die for!
Two rolls, one crab Rangoon, chicken teriyaki = $50!  Quality= $10!   We will not be returning.  :(
Helpful staff and excellent product. Short lineup. Expensive but worth a try.
Found this gem of a place when we were out in Scottsdale in January.  Great food and atmosphere.
Love this Bar!!! Everything about this place is great even the fabulous Bartenders!!!
Delicious amazing cookies great taste great customer service details details details details
Ahmad Hamdi is the best server. Always and forever. Doesn't matter if he's working here or not.
Great food. Faleys special chicken, chili chicken, and the crispy beef are my go to dishes to get.
Great value for quality food. Reasonably priced beer. Long lines.
Excellent food, nice presentation! Ordered on meal delivery service so can't comment on restaurant.
Belle ambiance!  Beau choix de cocktails.  Menu original Jeune et branch   Mezzanine !
Love love the bean and cheese burrito enchilada style with green sauce...one of my fav spots in Phx
Great service my server was Thomas amazing attention 100% recommendable it was a pleasure was there
I enjoyed the food and healthy food options. Atmosphere is a little different but it was cool
Good Beer and better food. Wish it was a little cheaper. Great little pub in the war streets
I know Falafel....and this is some darn good Falafel. Just like mama makes it! Keep up the good work
The bagel was yummy as expected.  The servers were nice.  The coffee is just average.
Great parking lot and the WiFi reaches out quite a ways so I don't have to use my data!
Of all the FOX locations, the only one WORSE than this one is Las Vegas.  Cars are NEVER ready!
Clean inviting atmosphere for decor, and the staff is friendly!
Hated it.  Boring.  Wasn't funny at all.  I can't believe people pay to go see him.
Totally the best Med/Ped I've had in a very long time. It last me whole month, can't wait to go back
My teen son got a better cut than he has in barber shops!  Great barber school, we'll be returning!
Sadly, the original location is closing, leaving the NE Phoenix restaurant the only one left.
Just started and getting the hang of it. Instructors are nice and inviting. Liking it so far.
Great food and aunday brunch. We come here all the time and the food and service are always great.
Great bar, typical noise, great brisket, give it a try I think you will like it, I did
First time here burger, fries and orange Faygo were great and the staff was friendly.
I love their lavender latte! This place gets PACKED so grab any open seat you can find and enjoy.
We love this place! We are regulars...love the hog dogs and the banana milkshake is to die for!
I think if I tagged myself there on Facebook the hostess would of noticed me... We walked out
Excellent flavour, clean, nice people! Love the ambient.. the "hot wings are not really that hot"
This place was awesome! Love the atmosphere and the biscuits and jelly. Can't wait to come back
Place is clean, order was done fast.. Taste of buttered halibut and chips so-so...
Eggs shells all in my burrito! I love filibertos but this one just kinda made me upset.
Parada isn't just a parade it's an old town Scottsdale day drinking adventure.
It's a casual and relaxing atmosphere. The food is delicious and the service was fast.
Great place!  Atmosphere is very relaxing....EXCELLENT food...and great happy hour prices.
This place has the best Burgers and Chicken Sandwichs in South Carolina.
Favorite place to get breakfast and the chicken has a sweet honey taste to it that you can't beat!
Been here 2 times for lunch. You get lots of flavorful food. Line is kind of slow but it;s worth it.
I don't think she's in business anymore, which is a shame. She's excellent!
Had lunch here with a couple friends and it was okay, but the food did take a while to come out.
Burgundy pepper steaks and stuffed chops are the best! Ken's is a solid place to go for local goods.
Great beers and service! Great beer selection, we had the sample.  Really enjoyed the beers!
The humazingly vegan sandwich is humazingly good!  Friendly staff and good eats made fresh and fast.
Tried to charge me 700 for battery and 2 battery cables.  $380 with tow after I whined.
Chicken dumpling and pulled pork sliders., salt overload. Usually enjoy dinner.  Not tonight
The Spicy Shrimp and Eggplant appetizer is to die for!!! A must try when dining here!
Deily movers were great, they were on time, professional,  friendly, would use them again.
NIce dive bar.  Good prices, good food, excellent friendly service!!
           
The place is shuttered closed they are no longer in business. Store is empty.
Dinner before movie on a friday night. Fish & Chips just sounds fabulous.
This is not real Mexican food, is overpriced the food is nasty and the service is really poor
I love to eat here when I visit Vegas. The sushi is fresh and the dinner entrees are delicious.
Great deli! Very large portions.
Fab servers. Lively atmosphere.great brews! The pink hibiscus beer is a must try- again and again.
The best salads- great menu and the staff is awesome!!! Not to mention the lovely garden setting!
Jodi has been doing my eyebrows/arch for years and she is GREAT!  Her facials are wonderful too.
Absolutely love their hoagies. Huge, greasy and cheap. Pizza so-so
Great diner food and I love the thin pancakes - you can taste the real butter in them, MMMM!
It was fun, cMe here on a whimmmm ok service and sushi. It's the only one around, I'll be back
Great view and awesome atmosphere. Bring your significant other for a romantic night.
Great food and smoothies, a bit on the pricey side, but overall pretty not bad.
Oh. My. God. I keep going back...
amazing as always, food, service, drinks, ambience.. went for Queens Feast and wasn't dissapointed
Love this place!  And they have ice cream for the girls in the princess room. Awesome! :)
The dinner was delivered on time, but i think the food just tasted OK.
Poor service and extremely slow. Lousy atmosphere. Buffalo Wild Wings is just across the street.
Pasteries are slipping a bit in quality from the last time I was there
Just don't eat at the one in the airport. Cold food.
I thought it was really good, especially for a buffet.
Good french dip. Great bloody mary.
Tried on the haloween.. Tried thai pizza , was quite good .. Also chicken wings .. Nice food
What a great company!  Jay was awesome to deal with and very accommodating. Would highly recommend!
Everytime I've come here the burgers are amazing so is the chicken breast. Freshly made.
Great ceviche tostadas and fish tacos. One of the best in the city.
Amazing massage by Tatyanna! Great experience. Will definitely be back! Would refer her to anyone
Fast and good!
You'll know when you've hit it.  (Ba-dum crash!)
High quality beer for every palate!  Health choices for food!  I'm a fan.
Best slice in Vegas. Just as good as artichoke in new York or any where else for that matter.
FELICIA IS THE ONLY ONE FOR MY HAIR!!! Also everyone is warm and inviting. Love this location!!
Super clean, love the north scottsdale location. Staff ia very pleasant and informative.
Great Clips locations in and out . Very nice lady Joni and Britney both great stylist!
I was very happy with everything about this company. The carpets were cleaned and worth the money.
Ok place, food is kind of tasteless and service leaves a lot to be desired, but overall it's okay
Amazing food! Oyster and king's crab leg are my number one choice! Will go again for sure!
Horrible food, average drinks, bad atmosphere. Miss this place and thank me later.
I just saw this in a movie, " Ek mein aur ek Tu". I vowed to myself that I'm gonna get married here.
If Heaven has soup and sandwiches- Wildflower Bread Co is in charge of it. Absolutely the best!!!!
Nice place to do some work on my macbook. Prices are great too. Felt like i was back in Korea.
Dr. Dickerson is great! I just had some fillings done. Quick and easy! Would definitely recommend
Cool place to get a decent bottle of wine. Staff are friendly and helpful with their wine selection
F*ck the Vest Boi in the front office. Snobby prick stole my packages, signed for them and all!
Was here for the Penn and Teller show. The Rio seemed outdated and smelled like stale cigarettes.
Delicious food. Seafood pancake, bul go gi, Dolsot bi bim bob, combo 18 and gal bi are my favs
The food was amazing. The service was phenomenal. Definitely a 5 star!
So much better than those pop-up shops you see around town!  CJ has fixed a couple iThingies for me.
Great food, fun atmosphere, helpful staff. Will definitely be coming back this summer.
Just like all kegs, you get consistency here. Great service, great atmosphere.
This is my favorite go-to for pizza! Seriously the best on the west side, can't speak for GV
Excellent service very helpful. Couldnt have asked for a better experience buying a firearm.
Constantly make the trip across Vegas for great Hawaiian food!
I've been there several times fair price great food excellent Decor.. Very friendly staff
best ramen in Pittsburgh and best creme brulee I've had in my life (I got the red bean one)
My kids love this place!! It's safe, clean and organized which makes ME love it as well!
The treatments were amazing and Victoria was so knowledgeable. Going back next time I am in town.
Great service! Lola looks great thank you! Service was quick and she came home happy!
Good spot. Nice inside. Not too smokey and the machines don't suck your money real fast.
deserts was good and the food is better than Amys Baking Company
Honestly..................... Food is bland. Seriously off. I'm sitting here right now disappointed.
Jesus Christ couldn't make a better pastry. My favorite things are the dirt balls and maple rolls
Great variety of smoothies and health suppliments here. Very good, very fresh
Daniel did a great job, very professional, efficient and fast.  With a Very reasonable price.
The food is an A and the bier an A+, but the service is soooo unorganized it ruins the good parts.
What happened to your prices? It went up!! Pho shouldn't be that expensive. It's soup.
- Burrito was not as clean as other restaurants. Didn't feel good after eating - Had a lot of salt
Satisfying my every-five-year craving for a beef bowl. Also gotta have the chicken wings.
Long line but great food. Always friendly staff.
Good food, friendly staff...works for me everytime! Nothing says Picksburgh like a Primanti's n'at!
Restaurants d jeuner le moins cher et plus comple en choix normal.
Pros:  Great service AMAZING DESSERT (bazookie)  Cons:  Food was not great
Good Service, Good Food! Perfect for a pre-cardinals game breakfast!
Service and food was excellent!  Way better than the overhyped Ceasers buffet.
Best Chinese food in the valley !!! fresh and prompt service . prices are very reasonable!
Friendly people, great service, and the lemon pepper wings were amazing. I will be back!
Hole in the wall. Fantastic seafood dinner!!! Very reasonable price!  Will be a regular
Great breakfast place with reasonable prices. I just wish they had a changing table in bathroom.
Great Reuben sandwich. Coming from the east cost it's hard to match....I highly recommend it.
Good coffee and a nice menu.  They have some good healthy alternatives.
Attentive, friendly service and delicious food. Can't go wrong with the downtown Phx restaurant.
LOVE Doc Popcorn!! Yummy snack, great service and the jalepeno flavor is a must try!
I split the Donut Burger & PB&J sriracha burger with sweet potatoe totts OMG!!! Amazing!
Nice fun neighborhood bar and tavern.  Prices are great the servers are wonderful.
A NOT TO MISS if you like Baguette Sandwiches. merci!
Best cappuccino I've had in a while. Scones are delicious and the yogurt parfait is killer.
Laid back dive bar. CASH ONLY. Good food, great wings. 75 cent pool table. Darts. Arcade games
Mediocre indian food. Trying to maintain the fascade of a high end restaurant but falls short.
EVERYTHING is good.  And do not miss out on the Honey Fry Bread! It's to die for!
Some of the best breakfast and service here.  Must try, I guarantee you'll be coming back!
Stopped by when on a biz trip. Good food and friendly staff. I highly recommend. Enjoy.
This is a hidden gem. The food is outstanding!
A great experience, great driver. On time - text alert for ETA very reasonably priced
First time there. Lunch. Had the best turkey burger! Going back soon! Happy to see them in Anthem!
A must-stop for our family when in Strongsville
LOVE.....always on time...easy to make appointments...and most important....kids love Dr Dahlke!!
Food and services are good, but not seating comfortably due to too close to each table around
Great healthy food.  Our go to weekend lunch spot.  Thanks Jenna for the great service!
A pleasant surprise found in Mississauga. They offer probably the best croissants in the city.
Egg rolls, beef/broccoli and pork lo mein were all delicious!! Quick service and cheap prices!
Friendly staff, sunny atmosphere and great food, Nellies is definitely a solid choice.
Best Subs around period.
Service and assistance was great.  I was in and out in no time while buying my computer.
Always great food and smiling faces!!! I know its a breakfast joint but try the butter burger!!!
Ate inside on our way from Vegas to Reno. Service was better than most actual sit down restaurants.
Caught him before his vacation. Quickest and easiest ring resize ever. Great job too!
Great instructor and will definitely be back again when it's time to renew card.  Thanks Larry!
The turnovers!!!
Love the cinnamon roll pancakes. Always make my food just the way I love it. It's very clean.
When it needs to be done right, these are the guys!
Very good service Sushi very fresh  And the servers nice and friendly  Will come back
The best hamburger ever, period! Along with great service! You have got to try their "Happy Hour "
Bonne ambiance et service attention , terrasse et bcp de tables. Lumieres tamis es. Bons saveurs.
Delicious but SO slow. Took me 25 minutes to get through the drive thru on a weekday.
small but excellent selection and chill vibes. such a good hidden gem!
Came here last minute for a mani/pedi. Reasonable price, clean, & professional.
Shane was great. Helped with upgrading a phone. He had great tips on insurance and repairs. Thanks!
Owner is super chill. Was flexible and overall transaction went over well.
Professional thorough courteous and clean.  My first service was today I'm very satisfied
Great little spot to go to. The staff for was friendly and do here recommendation  hit spot.
Hit or miss.  Food's not the freshest, but it's not that bad.  Really cheap and big portions.
Excellent. We got three rolls and each was fresh and delicious. Great, friendly service.
Great place and great food! I tried it during a First Friday event. Very good choice.
Great friendly store and helpful employees!
The food was fantabulous... great service and that's all you need ... i would go again
The male night clerk is just mean guess thats why hes on nights. Hate yo go in when hes there
Food was mediocre and it took 30-45minutes just for our first order of food to come out. Not worth
Fantastic bar. Great drink selection. Loved the live music!  Great wait staff and bar tenders.
Salad was an expensive joke but dinner made up for it.
White cheddar queso with bbq chicken, need I say more?!
Raised my rate $15 right after I moved in. I am never doing business with public storage again.
Quite possibly the best falafel I've yet had in my life. It was outstanding!
Really, really good sushi.  You must try the salmon bowl! Hubby loves the tuna bowl. Best in town!
There were 3 of us and we did a sampling of items on the menu, everything was delicious!
We had breakfast on mothers day, waffles, eggs with potatos all very good.
Phoenix has few quality breakfast places.  This gem stands out.
It's 445pm on Sunday, and it's supposed to be open, but no one is there. A little unreliable...
Music is good :) Food was great!!! Wish came in with a totally empty stomach
Great food, great experience. Majin is an excellent employee of this company
Wrote about the hotel instead of the restaurant by mistake. Have not stayed here.
Very good and different items on the menu. Service was great too.
Really different from any restaurant you've ever been to. Kinda small inside but pretty good food.
Awesome ambiance. Great food. Yummy margaritas. I make sure my dollars support Latinos.
Love this place. My nails always turn out perfect. Very friendly staff ans very clean.
After trying a few different barbers in the Valley. I came across Camelback Barbershop.
Great fresh flavorful food and great service. Also good, smooth coffee. I'll be back with friends.
Loaded drinks, great service,  super friendly staff... burger hit the spot... stop by for some R&R
Joe was able to resolve my issue from my car accident.
Addicted to the black bean soup, thats all I have to say!
Excellent sushi! Great selection of specialty rolls. I have not tried the habachi yet.
This place is clean. Good price  Best sichuan noodle in Vegas. Really like the sauce.
Meet here with family after a wedding. Great breakfast, coffee choices and parties! Will visit again
Speedy, high quality and professional service. Highly recommended. Will definitely use again.
Best haircut I've ever gotten. Alex did an amazing job fixing up my beard.
will go again, good for families and friends in winter. The waiters are nice.
Love the store very cute just wished they took clothing that was more than 2 years old.
Best Mexican food in Arizona. Try the pollo fundido, its delicious.
Delicious and cheap!   Cafeteria style makes for short wait time with a restaurant sit-down feel :)
Pas mauvais mais  a ressemble plus   de la nourriture de Fast-Food de luxe   un prix trop  lev .
According to my son..."great hotdogs, definitely eat There! If you don't, I feel sorry for you."
Always have to stop by this little boba spot after the reptile shop! Quick and soooo good.
Place is way overpriced!!! A hookah and a sandwich costed me 30$ Good ambience but overpriced
Probably the worse ribs we've ever had. Coated with some pasty tomato sauce    Real disappointment.
I think its not what its all hyped up to be, and its overpriced probably due to location.
Loved this little place. A true local gem, with great brews and good food!
Mediocre food with semi poor staff services during my experience. It's an experience though!
Hands down the best authentic Mexican in Alberta. My favourite is the enchilada verde.
Average food, really slow service, sloppy environment. Probably my first and last visit.
dirty washroom, unattentive waitstaff, noisy but i love their waffle w icecream. nothing else.
Food and drinks are always good. But the service is hit or miss here, it really needs work.
Live it. Reasonable price. Great atmosphere. Googled it after seeing the movie "Room," lol
Love this place- awesome service and so many great options on the menu it's hard to choose!
So good, so much fun for the kids. Best donuts I've ever had, and I'm not a huge donut fan.
A good burger from a chain restaurant! Juicy, tasty, and cooked to perfection. Good job
I had one of the best burritos I've ever had there today. This local favourite can do no wrong.
Don't believe the photos. There is no pinball the bar maid is useless and this place is a real POS!
Drove over 30 mins just for this . Food was old service was great will be here again forsure !
This place is the bomb dot com. Soooooo BLOODY good as they would say in jolly ole England. :)
The tonkatsu-shoyu, fried rice, and gyoza! The pork belly bowl. So good!
Pizza is fantastic and the service has been the best we have received on our entire trip to Vegas.
Ambiance was fantastic.  Food was outstanding. Server was a little careless and spilled water on me.
Best Steak I've had in ages. Absolutely delicious !! Cant wait to return.
Shrimp salad was not good. Cold shrimp and no flavor. Not worth $12 for this salad.
Fun spot!   Tractor pizza is amazing!!
Very creative and delicious. That Voltron sauce is some good shit. The place has a hip hop vibe.
Best breakfast burrito in town hands down! I stop here all the time and it's consistently good.
So good!! A different selection than you find at other places! My only regret is not getting the XL
Food is great.   The Chop is my favorite.   Drink menu and bartending skills are top notch.
The three cheese Angus bacon sandwich hit the spot.  The service was fast and the store was clean.
Food is great. A bit pricey but fresh and hot. 3 stars for having Fox News on the TV. Bad.
Always consistently good quality Bhan Mi that you can count on from Lee's.
This store is a train wreck.  Low end mixed with some designer fashions and no shoe department!
Always friendly service. Quick and speedy, just the right pace for lunch.
Everything about Comedy Bar is great; the people, the food, the drinks and especially the jokes.
We frequent here. It's always good everytime! Cheers to yummy chicken!!!
Great pasta and meatballs.  Sadly no sweet Italian Sausage.
Don't call over the phone, I've tried twice and have waited for over 15 minutes and had no help
Best tater tots and the crowd is always fun.  Service is great and prices are on point.
Love the pizza!!!  Never fails me, it's so delicious. Everything is homemade and fresh!!
Relaxful atmosphere. 1st time here and I already know i'll be back next time I am in town. Harlem NY
The menu is outstanding! Take a chance on this local fave! Milkshakes,  Ice cream, and fries galore!
Some of the best Hawaiian food I've ever had. The Chicken Katsu and Teriyaki beef are delicious!!
Awesome!!!!! I ordered the pbj burger and it tasted heavenly! Service here is great, as well.
Friendly, great selection, good prices, and damn...those leather chairs are so comfortable!
Great service, drinks, and food. $1 beers and tasty chips & dip, which you can't beat.
Love those sliders! Either you love them or you hate'em. I love 'em.
I had my hair done by Sandra. She always did a beautiful job. Does anyone know where she is now?
This was a delicious find in the midst of a strip mall. Great service and even better food.
I like it here. Good food. Near hwy 60 something to eat before heading to Las Vegas Nice selection.
Fantastic experience. Great salsa bar, service and prices. Definitely worth going back to!
Amazing food and service. Their surf and turf is cooked to perfection.
Sorry, as long as the service is good, I am a pathetic Starbucks-a-holic.
Great food, large portions, amazing price! My wife and i go there often.
Loved it!  Had the spicy tonkotsu with added soft boiled egg.  Broth was milky and full of flavor.
Did a great job on the screen and in a timely matter. Also the cheapest ones in Vegas!
Food was fresh, delicious, and fast! The salsa bar was great as well! Very clean inside.
This girl rocks!!!!! Exactly how I wanted my pup trimmed. Will defiantly be using her in the future.
Cheap. Good Korean food. Friendly mom and pop. Great soup.
NB: Taste of Thai is temporarily closed; check their Just-eat link to find out if they're open yet.
Simple the GOAT. Best there is. No if ands or buts.
tasty ice cream is sooo cute  food is tasty and cheap! One of the best Korean restaurants in Vegas
Excellent carry out service. Open your order boxes to make sure it us correct. Plenty for a serving!
Nice little bar.  Service is hit or miss depending on who is bartending.  Good beer/shot prices.
The Best Buffalo Wings In Charlotte Period.
Cup o bread and ok is a must!!! Very cute place and great food!! Eggs Benedict was delicious
I thought everything was really sweet and the cupcakes bread was dry- did not enjoy at all
Very tastey, but a little pricey for dinner.  At least for my cheap budget.
Tons of fun, Yardhouse.... the linq... the irish - get drunk bar. lol. loved it
I suspect that heaven will be filled with Amelie's salted caramel brownies.  A must try for foodies.
Good place for any occasion. Love the live band!! Especially before & after comedy shows.
great nyc pizza!!! check it out!!!
So Loving and Heart warm church family Love coming to service all and each time work permits.
Fantastic hoagies! Fries are crisp and the service is quick. Thank god it's by the school!
Nice place for a quick meal. Always get their bowls and the staff is always amazing to us
Absolutely love this place. Great for business meetings or a quick bite
Good food, best wings in Pittsburgh, cold beer, friendly staff...what more could you ask for?
Great views food and cocktails.
Really satisfying cheap thai. Decent pho, good stir fries and spring rolls. Cash only.
This is a nice, clean hotel with a super friendly staff would definitely stay here again!!!
long lines but great ice cream in Gastonia
Surprisingly better than what I expected. Chill vibes ,good service great food. Love it.
Love this venue. Sound quality is amazing. Friendly staff.  Drinks are on the high side.
Awesome spot for lunch. They have a bento special or a sushi special. Cheap and fast!
Used to be good. Now their prices keep changing and acrylics don't last more than a week.
Love hotshop! The workouts are tough, yet fun, very friendly staff and the facility is very clean!
Great service and local place to try! I highly recommend the monster roll #bonjourberlin
The boubo tea....is soso,but the food is ok... i dont want go back again..
Phenomenal! Very fresh, extremely flavorful, great service - this is a must try hidden jem!
Juice was watered down, chicken nuggets too greasy, and the fries Horrible!!!
Tasty, fresh, decent sized pizzas. Good drink selection. Decent service.  Worth a visit.
My favorite place to go for Happy Hour.  Northern ribs and a cold beer  to finish off a busy week.
Great service, but very poor food. The steak was good, everything else was very xheap quality.
I love this place. Food is fresh. Love the specialty bread they use. It is oh so good!
Really good food and drink, the service was very attentive, live music and we will be going back...
The best Halibut in Brampton. Haddock is also very good but the chips are bland.
Place is the bomb! Definitely recommend for a good cheap eat
Just got home and my fries aren't filled like they usually are
Soo cool! Fast, efficient, squeaky clean, and drys well! Will be my go to car wash from now on
Solid food.  The waitstaff didn't seem to know a lot about the food or the beer though.
Great Chinese food restaurant! Fast service and good food.  Would definitely recommend
The place is so Gorgeous!!! Service on par!!! Food delicious!! I can't wait to go back!!!
double decker grilled cheese &  lots of kitsch  don't let the singers get too close
Great coffee and great atmosphere. The people are friendly and the clientel are nice as well.
Small and cramped sitting area. Buffet is overpriced and limited in variety
Worst huevos-rancheros. Pico de guyo instead of rancheros sauce. Eggs were hockey puck hard.
Have an open mind & wallet!  And ask for Russel (waiter) wish every restaurant had a Russel!
Soup is really nice. Spicy pork the best. Dnt forget the dumplings and their buns too.
Very nice atmosphere for a date or with friends.  If you are into wine, this is a great spot.
Amazing ambience. Amazing cakes from la rocha. Great place to meet a client or a friend.
Astonishingly good chicken saag, and their onion kulcha and mint chutney is beyond reproach!
Dr Hall and his staff are great. Reasonable and affordable too. The office is clean. Thanks
Go for the lunch special. And make sure you get the bombay chicken. You will noy regret it.
Good food  Nice staff  The decoration is modern  Just the place needs clean all the times
Good gas prices and great selection for a convenience store.
My ABSOLUTE favorite.  Came all the way from LA CA just to have some delicious breakfast.
Great breakfast place also with amazing baguettes if you need some. I'll be a frequent here.
Great service, great quality and great prices. Would recommend to anyone in the Chandler area.
-1 Star.  Waited for 2 and a half hours for delivery, offered free spring roll?!?  Still waiting...
Great variety service and pricing authentic and to me they're not street tacos they're just tacos
mmmmm ... steak.  Not just steak ... reasonably priced steak, all set in a hillbilly/Texas setting.
A bit overrated. Burgers are not too great either. Single burger definitely enough for most people.
Un endroit intime, sympathique. J'ai ador  mon croissant au boudin et mon pain perdu   la brioche
Great service, even do waxing - never disappoints! I usually walk in with not much waiting!
Great people;enjoyed the atmosphere. On vacation and truly enjoyed my experience!
We had the Machuca con Huevos and they were good but better after adding the excellent salsa.
So far, check in line the longest I have seen at any hotel. The pool and stay was good though.
Their salad bar is the best... And the pasta tasty!
They are CLOSED!
They were very helpful.  They did push any extra items to purchase.
food is better than average. the owner is a great guy.
Great food. Ahi and salmon were fantastic.  Very clean. Friendly staff. Will be back for sure.
Best Sushi in AZ. My wife is from Hawaii. She approves. We always come here at least once a week.
The worker tried to pick my daughter up when she went there by herself!  Where is the supervision?
Good price, Good Food ! I had turkey sandwich with buffalo soup which was pretty good !
The food was great and made fresh to order! Best musubi I've ever eaten!! Can't wait to return!
Great food and Great service
Was there for a pee test and waited over 1 1/2 hrs..When got a in only 5 min.
Love it. Very good Indian food! I truly hope it survives. Doing my part to make sure it doesn't.
The passion fruit cheese cake is yummy! Definitely going back to try the other flavours.
Great people, excellent Polish treats and sandwiches.
Dark. loud. Everyone sits an inch away from their neighbor. Can't even hear the waitress.
Awesome! They have a new manager who is polite, fun and very accommodating. Glad I got to meet him.
What a great new location. LOTS of variety and a very big accessories section.
So far so good, the food is spectacular. Very cozy atmosphere. We're definitely coming back.
Pool quality work and high prices.  Not recommended.
I don't normally dine out for Italian food but when I do it's Brio's Tuscan Grille.
Best fry bread in the north valley hands down. Definitely a delightful hidden gem.
We tried the thai tea and the earl grey cotton candy. Both good! Im returning to try other flavors!
Cant say enough about the salted caramel brownies.  Would like one now :-)
don't bother... and make sure you don't go there at night.
awesome! friendly staff, they serve tang  & kool aid, gotta love it!!
I came here for Hookah and drinks with about 15 ppl. Great service and the drinks were awesome.
I give this place a zero star. Dirty and food is horrible. How can this place even be open.
Fantastic food, excellent prices. Only issue, service a little slow but, we were not in a hurry.
Guy was super rude on phone and told me good luck finding a bike at go ride. Haha loser.
The Greek salad with Gyro's is really good for Phoenix.  Fresh and clean and cool owners.
Couple hot girls dancing on stage, a sausage fest watching them.
Love the food here, especially the double cheese original Katsu, gonna come tomorrow!
This place was great, my brother brought us there for breakfast and it was excellent!
Very helpful folks. Found my part, sent me a photo, then shipped it out. Couldn't have been easier.
I love YC's! Its really good for the price.
Super good food and service. My favorite buffet in Vegas and that's coming from a local.
I definitely go here when I'm in the area... good flavors and quality food for a reasonable price.
The mac n cheese crocks are awesome.  I suggest a beer flight to find your preference.
Great Hawaiian roll and salmon teriyaki entree. I'll be back with family and friends.
great place for a cigar to relax at and watch foot-ta-ball
Don't expect prompt customer service and you will be just fine. A good array of party essentials.
Pretentious and expensive.  Check your resume at the door and make sure you can afford it!
Great place with many classes to choose from. Very clean ant teachers are phenomenal.
Stay away from this Realty Group.  Rita is extremely rude and pushy!!!  You have been warned!!!
Cannot imagine this location staying open much longer.  Possibly worst BA branch in Nevada.
We love this place! It is close to our home and they always do a fantastic job with our dog.
Really f***in' good steaks!!! Recommend like leave your house now to come eat here!!!
Good Tuna Poke and spicy tuna rolls.
Your basic greasy spoon breakfast served with heaping helpings of Fox News and conservative rage.
Love the specialty of the weekend brunch but i think they should add side of fruits to the orders.
My wife and I love this place! We go every week. You have to try their pho #22
It's our fave! So many options of yogurt and toppings.  Love the fill a cup for $4 nights!
Adorable diner style restaurant !!! Friendly staff and quick service! Donuts are amazing!
Nice gem, off strip, good crab dip, crabby Cobb salad, lobster bisque, and blue crab.
Every single flavor I've tried is delicious! The product is worth the line!
awesome donuts! glazed donut holes are great
Neat place to stumble upon. Great music, awesome decor, good happy hour. Will be back.
I can't find a complaint... That burger was bangin. I got the classic Barroco Burger
Great Mom and Pop joint! Sucks that they're closed Sun
The worst in the business. The owner is the devil. Sold a defective car, almost a cost life.
Great FRESH food! French Toast, Red Truck Sandwich, and the Iced Coffee are the best!
The banana bread French toast and hangover sandwich to die for.  Bloody Mary too are Excellent
Service was excellent and so is the ambiance, but the food was just meh.
The dolsot bibimbop is magnificent.  And the crunchy spicy tuna roll is the best I've had anywhere.
Absolute garbage. You'd be better off going to a grocery store. Couldn't even finish.
My favorite place to go! Love the atmosphere, the drinks, and the cupcakes!
Excellent options. Fresh, delicious food. Cheap and quick. Authentic Mediterranean music and decor.
My family loves this place! They make ready great pizzas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great dive bar.  perfect set up.  live music and tvs and peanuts.   good people watching.
Loved my visit! I'm nearly 9 months pregnant and the whole visit was comfortable and pleasant!
a little bit outmoded and outworn. The biggest drawback is its location off strip
Love it! And they're open late. My only request is that they start accepting debit.
Service takes like 20 mins. We order Bombay pizza. Tastes very good. Small place good people
Fantastic.  Had the spicy chicken medium, and couldn't stop myself from finishing the entire bowl.
Always Amazing. Best time to go is right when they open to avoid long lines.
I love the Triple 7  great beers
You gotta get to this place! They are the real deal!
They used to let firefighters in for free but now they don't care about firefighters anymore...
Just paid $10 for chips & salsa to-go. Not going back, I'll stick with Chili's at $3.59 to-go.
1st time trying DCS, wont go back. 2 slices of ham does not make a sub.
Terrible customer service. Will never climb here again and have told friends of bad experience.
Great vibe,service was awesome. I order the special chicken burger which was not on the Menu
Food is awesome and not expensive.  Best kept secret in North Olmsted. I love the Shwarma
Always fun and great groupons. However needs a good cleaning. Their is a funky smell.
Very professional and attentive. Great experience with Ellen. Helped a lot with neck pain.
Nice ambiance and place to meet but I ordered green tea and received a cup of hot water and teabag!
Barbacoa quesadillas were excellent. Happy to support a local restaurant that serves great food.
Decent business hotel and well off the strip--quiet. Staff were helpful and the place was clean.
Ordered delivery and waited for one and a half hour. And then the restaurant cancelled the order.
Yum! Tempting selection of breads, pastries, savory sandwiches, and more!  So glad we stopped here.
      23 ^_^     
Nice staff. Not the largest store, but they do get alot of inventory in and out.
This place is gross! I  threw up after I ate their food.  I would never go back there again.
I always order their pho and spring rolls or vermicelli for pick up this place is my go to
good food , proper name, good drinks, fast service,
Copper Blues is a Blast! Karaoke night is a great Time! Most favorite place to visit downtown!
small fun place to grab a quick bite. very friendly staff, great prices, tasty food.
Very professional and informing. Quality of product and workman ship are great as well!
Horrible food, overpriced, bad attitude service, understaffed, low quality food. Avoid.
Pho needs improvement. Price range is above average for a bowl of pho.
The pizza just was bleh. It really needs some seasonings! And sadly the crust was burnt badly.
Courteous personnel, worth to be noted. Low waiting time  at the security but that's contextual.
I was not impressed, carne asada had a lot of chewy parts, flavor wasn't good. Will not return.
I really like this place easy going never a long wait and I feel one of the neat pedicures in town.
Steamed crab was sweet and juicy. This was definitely one of my favorite crab places!
This place is fresh and tasty.   Definitely the place to go for a quick and healthier lunch!
Oh my god I love this place! Fantastic Mac and cheese! PB&J BURGER TO DIE FOR! Great atmosphere!
Amazing food. Really delicious and spicy. Probably the best indo chinese food around Charlotte area.
I love their breakfast, very economy price and food, but avoid their dinner, below average
Allan is the best.  Very hands on and personable.  Great rates and always willing to help!
Definatly buy the fast passes. I took my 10yr son and his friend we had a lot of fun!!
bill was way to high and i still have teh problem.. 800 dollars
A frequent stop for me. Great service, Great Employees. One of my favorite stores in the valley.
Great food and super friendly people. Kind of in an odd location, but we'll definitely go back.
went here for years, friendly staff and I always spend way to much money because I love this place!!
Great menu and food was tasty.  Loved the buffalo chicken sandwich and Taco pizza!
Gentle and thorough dental cleanings make going to the dentist a pleasant experience.
I went there with friends and the food is ok nothing special the service is fair enough.
Good service with friendly price. I order $12 special plate with soup and all you can eat salad.
Food was average at best. Friendly bar staff. But not worth the cost.
Great place for karaoke!  Very fun atmosphere.  A little over priced for laser tag and bowling.
My favorite Middle Eastern food in Phoenix.  Chicken kabobs are the best!
I love this place so much and the price makes it even better! Lol highly recommend it!
I want to put 0 stars. The food and the service do not balance with the price. Not worth it.
Had a fun in this place. Treasure hunt with lots of goodies.
Amazing experience. Muscles sore but man was so fun! Thanks Jennifer and Shawn. Recommend!
Fantastic lunch buffet and friendly staff. The saag paneer is the best!
Inside is nice since the remodel and food is descent nothing too exciting to write about
Not good at all. Staff were helpful, food was horrible. How can you mess up beans?
Good food, Good quantity, Good prices...Nuff said! Straightforward and simple, just like Mr. Geero!
We bought a dishwasher and had it installed. Installer was very efficient and friendly.
Pick another Starbucks. These folks don't have it together. Customer service is not great.
Food was great and filling! Exceptional service as well! I recommend giving it a shot.
always keep me updated with the flavor of the month. thats key. i appreciate you.
spacious and cozy atmosphere. great place for coffee with friends or studying!
I love how polished my Golden's look when I pick them up. The bows always make me smile!
Excellent food. Friendly staff. Affordable. Definitely an awesome choice if you want a happy belly
My go to when in Uptown Phoenix! Beers and food get a thumbs up from me :)
Awesome place! Went here last night with 8 ppl and got our orders right away!!! Staff was friendly!
Awesome just awesome. Fantastic pizza if you know where to find it. Love the hidden aspect.
Great place with friendly people. The drive thru is always busy but moves pretty quickly!
3.5 stars 4 for sports bar.  Friendly staff good wings burger.. It's a sports bar for god sake..
Joey was awesome. Fast, quick, cheap, and professional service. Was here in a flash.
Excellent food, service, price and atmosphere.   Definitely coming back for breakfast.
I heart rays. Food is awesome, fast, and so super nice. Thanks boss!
best fish I ever ate im not a big fish eater but will go back
For the price, you can't beat this place. Great food in a no-frills atmosphere.
Great food.   My favorite Hawaiian food so far!   Love the furikake chicken and fried rice!!!
Great atmosphere.  The fajitas were good.  They need to change their oil. The chips tasted stale.
the truth to Savation! holla at me for bible study schedule haha
I am hooked on their grass jelly tea, less sweet, less ice and adding a piece of grass jelly
If you don't love YC's then we can't be friends.
STILL waiting for my refund. It's only been 3 months. I literally got a "checks in the mail" line.no
This was just OK. Not great, not horrible. Hardly a memorable meal.
Note to management, set your employees up for success. Service can ruin everything!!!
A must try place for all foodies ! The crust of the pizza is its signature
Fabulous food, excellent service and refreshing cocktails!  Will be back when in town.
Best soul food that I have had at a restaurant!! This is coming from a guy from Memphis, TN!!
Loved the nachos and chicken Cobb salad.  5 o'clock somewhere was also sting and yummy
Best meal I've had in ages with all the Sheer comforts of home; hearty, tasty, good for the soul.
2 stars. Looked bad upon arrival and was super soggy. Edible, so better than 1 star I guess.
Serious management issues beginning with apathy at the ticket purchase window. I'll drive to Harkins
Gambling is OK, it does have some pretty good shops, check out the Volcom store.
The place is very clean. Staff are super friendly and helpful. Dr Moore is exceptional!
Great food and great prices!! My favorite is the green curry.
Quick and easy, grabbing a late meal after work. Employees are always nice, love the food!
Great service, plus open Sundays!! They did a great job on my Aussie!
Greatest Place Ever Invented. And now there's two locations. Heaven on Earth.  Cheers!
BEST pho I have ever had! The broth is perfect and makes the soup! Can't wait to come back!
Awful service. Don't go here unless you want to leave extremely unhappy. Avoid! Avoid.
you should try that garlic truffle pizza. it's super garlicy and super truffley.
pho on fleek as the kids would say. Solid ingredients, good flavors, simple yet satisfying.
Fast simple delicious Mediterranean food. Loved the falafel wrap. Highly recommend for a quick meal.
She took the liberty to add a tip to my visa card when I went in for carry out! Fraud!!!
Good food, surprisingly dirty tables on a slow Tuesday night.
Great cookies and wonderful fast staff services. Lots of fresh choices with many selection.
Have been going there since at least 1988.   Good down home Chinese food.  Enjoy it lots.
Pretty sure I got food poisoning from either their spicy tofu or there chili sauce on the table.
Fresh baked goods and sandwiches. Great vibe, variety and taste!
YUM! Loved this place! Nice, clean, friendly and fresh!
I just bought their frozen Rasmalai. ( in Kirkland,Wa) and it was the best I ever had!
The buffet was pretty good. tons of stuff to choose from.
Smooth latte and nice, spicy chai latte. Would recommend!
Love the food and service was great!  Ask for Deisy for your waitress and you can't go wrong!
Very very low quality customer service for an Avis branch. They definite need to try harder.
Overpriced, gross food that tastes like it came out of a toilet.  Blech!
LOVE Jamms! They have THE BEST Eggs Benedict! And the fresh baked cup o bread...so good!
Very pro and helpful the entire time the yard was getting done. Thank you guys so much!
Always great food and a friendly staff! Looking forward to my next meal here each time i leave!
Amazing customer service! Bought stuff for a rave here. A lot of selection. Love this store.
I loved my nails  great costumer service and great work. Kim is great and very nice loved it here
This inexperienced knitter found a helpful owner with a lovely selection of yarn!
Best cakes! Especially the cheescakes best prices i love angies cake i highly recommend her cakes
I was impressed .. Clean lots of good  food .. Way better the Mandarin great for birthdays
I ordered a custom cake and it was GREAT! - aesthetically and taste wise.
Bug serving and good food..it was too salty for me but my husband like it salty so it was all good!
Soooo yummy!! Dave was an excellent server tonight; very hospitable and had tons of recommendations.
very bad experience here from food to service to them somehow losing my credit card
Top quality service that is honest and dependable. Wouldn't go anywhere else with my Nissan.
The nachos leave something to be desired, I heard good thing about the Hub but I wasn't impressed.
Great facility to do any kind of shooting. They have a great set up, can be a real challenge.
Great pizza. It is definitely  worth while. The best salmon pizza I have tried in my life.
Very pleasant experience.  Great staff and Dr. Goh is awesome.
Amazing five star food! Like nowhere else around here. Treat yourself. You won't regret it!
Beautiful view. Jazz music. Classy classy classy with a bottle of Cab.
Horrrrrrrrrendous service early in the morning, especially when they have to go orders
So good. Soups, sandwiches, vegan cupcakes- all yummy.
Spencer was AWESOME! Honest and made our buying experience a pleasure. Thank you Spenser!
Great portion size and flavours. A great spot if you love comfort food and are on a budget.
Not up to par and overpriced for the below average results. Too bad since My house is minutes away.
This place is really good. It's always consistent and you can smell it coming in.  Delicious!
The food here is always good and comes to you hot. One of my favorite places in robinson.
Great food and service. I'd avoid peak hours. The wait can be long but it's totally worth it.
Been a member for around 1/2 a year.  The facilities are stupendous.  The staff stellar! Love it!
Hubby was really impressed by the close shave. Friendly barbers. Nice shop and reasonable prices.
Consultant was very knowledgeable and helpful but blinds are anything but budget priced.
Best chocolate chip cookies EVER!!!! Friendly staff and always great food!
Love the caprese salad here! However today there was about 1/4 of the dressing container full. :(
Woohoo, pork belly was so good.  Had it delivered for lunch, no complaints.
Great place. Recommend for anyone looking to fix or repair anything computer or phone related.
Delicious food. Great attitude from the staff. Fast fast service. What more could you want?
Kool little restaurant with great shrimp  dishes ! Great place to have lunch  and a couple beers !
Amazing food for good price for a large party.
Really good smoked meat.  Great fries too.  Service was excellent.
Amazing Thai food. The staff is super friendly and accommodating. The Tom yum soup is delicious.
Best steak, shrimp, and mash Potatoes. They also have a little performance.
I like their new massage chair(very comfy) and crystal foot spa. Nice place to done pedicure
Wednesday is the best night.  Great happy hour.  Good place, good people.
I've been coming here for over 18 years. Love it, best breakfast ever. People are always nice there
Healthy and delicious smoothies! Fast and friendly staff and fun atmosphere! Also very clean!
This place is great, hard to get a table, but the owners are fantastic, and the food is amazing.
Just had the Full English breakfast. Absolutely killer! This is my Sunday morning from now on!
Nice folks, gave me a fair price on my coins and jewelry. I appreciated the fast service.
Bartenders and food were great. The waitresses and hostess were extremely rude and offensive.
We love second cup - it beats starbucks hands down. The espresso is perfect.
Was at a Christmas party catered by them, service was mediocre as was the food. Would not recommend.
Absolutely love the staff and doesn't hurt to have everything needed and excellent juice
Regularly on hold for at LEAST 30 minutes, if not an hour. Hire someone to answer the goddamn phone.
Great staff. Friendly and fast. Food is fresh and good. Carne esade is great.  I'll be back.
Great service. Was a little on the thin side so I'll make sure I'm more clear next time.
Very classy place with great food really good prices for the area it is in.  Very friendly staff .
Local, organic, with gluten-free options, tastey, reasonably priced!
Outback contacted me about this complaint and made it right to our satisfaction.
Best salted caramel brownie ever.
Calvary was amazing and all of the staff are caring, knowledgeable and passionate about recovery.
I love Chompie's  for take out.  Neisha is my girl.  Food is always spot on.  Dawn P Scottsdale
Great burgers. Huge portion of fries. Don't order a large unless you a total fat bastard.
This place never disappoints.   Great hotdogs & the marshmallow milk shake is a must.
Always great service excellent food and the beers are always cold definitely eating there again
Tried it once from a referral on yelp and loved it. Have eaten there and loved it sense!
Good tacos and happy hour specials. The traditional guacamole's is a hit or a miss.
Tr s bon et personnel tr s attentionn  et sympathique
I love this place, always have. The lamburger is amazing! Rasberry wheat beer is so tasty.
Great service! They Will take care of you here. The Bar right next door has a Good Happy Hour
Order a fresh meatball ricotta pizza, and then thank me for changing your life in a positive way.
Ecco signs finally finished the job and installed the sign price was good
I love this place! Been coming here for years and I just wanted to add to all the great reviews.
Overall the experience was not bad. I loved the belly dancer but the food lacked flavor.
Ce coiffer pour pas cher  a vaut le coup! Service professionel, amical et courtois!   essayer!
Really great burgers and THE BEST onion rings!!
Even the most pickiest eatera will be pleasently surprised.
First time going to Dickey's, the best brisket, yummy bbq beans. Will be going back again.
Love coming to the heights great food. Sit at the bar for the best service and see Kayla.
Great music venue, more than 5000 seat, many great events and concerts were hosted here.
Awesome get the Shrimp pho which is more like a thai dish.
Food is super yummy and authentic and the owners are always there and make you feel very welcome!
Best cheese steak in town. The fantastic service and great prices make this a must visit.
Great food, excellent hookah! What more could one want?!?! Try the three meat plater!
The beer prices just went up A LOT. Keeping me away. Almost $20 for two pints?
Food was great and the service was fantastic! When we're back in Pittsburgh we'll definitely return.
The owner finally reimbursed me for the money I lost at this car wash.
Very yummy, very quick, great customer service. Fast food done right.
Great platters for everyone, easy on the pocket, nice grocery store attached! on my favs !!
Sushi was excellent.  Service was great.  Insane happy hour specials.  Check it out!!
Great food, cool space and fair prices. All that plus $2 beers. I'm looking forward to going back.
UPDATE: Whatever vendor came out fixed the AC fan........  It's blowing and still 81  upstairs
AWESOME BRISKET!!!!!! Have to come here for the brisket..... Just totally awesome...
Food is always excellent!  Can't go wrong with "Chef Jared" and his breakfast or lunch specials .
Great staff. Competively priced. Very clean
Staff are great, beer selection is constantly changing. Atmosphere is welcoming and friendly.
Very good service. Food was fresh and hot. Went for breakfast. Pecan cinnamon twists were delicious.
best Thai Food in Phoenix.  The have a whole vegetarian menu and The sweat and sour tofu is amazing!
I wish I could give this place 6 stars! The service is ok but the food more than makes up for it.
Best place to get drunk for miles in any direction. Wish they had Coke instead of Pepsi, though.
Lots of vegetarian options.  The French Silk is to die for.
Great service! Definitely will come back. One of the few places in the area open on weekends.
Love this place for the prices, good food good prices, only thing they need to update the decor!
Takes 45 minutes to check into a hotel room after dark on a Wednesday this is beyond pathetic
The sandwiches and service was really good. The parking situation is a total disaster!!!
I honestly don't understand the hype for this place. It's just breakfast, nothing special.
Super friendly staff. Clear English for my poor French. Great croissant sandwich. Would come again.
Jonathan was awesome!  Best staff in town.  Thanks for the soy sausage in my omelette.
Not my thing - food is ok but I'm not a big game player.
R.I.P. I'll miss you and all of your kinda gross/super cheap old school Las Vegas weirdness.
We did let employees know ...twice actually both of them said it was right and kept on working
Actually very decent espresso. This is almost impossible to find in Northeast Ohio, by the way.
Dr. Kostal is a great vet.  Very happy with her services and fees.  Highly recommended !!!
Great convenience store with good drink prices and gas prices.
Solid street Latin food. Quick, reasonable. Have a good meal every time! We love this spot
The baked goods are excellent.  The cafe looks great and the staff are friendly.
They have the best onion rings. I don't even like onion rings but I always order Ted's onion rings.
Excellent service. Fast, efficient and friendly. Thanks for fixing our water line leak so soon.
Cindy was great to work with. Great mattresses, great prices!  Easy and free delivery
Everything at Albertsons seems somewhat expensive to me. They do have an excellent bakery though.
Shredded beef sandwich its good; just make sure to get the gravy on your fries too!
Loved the buffet last time we were in town from LA and can't wait to try it again. It's delicious
Great food and pastries! Went about 1:00pm wasn't too busy and wait wasn't very long either
If you come here and Shae makes your pizza, it'll taste and look amazing. Give her a raise :)
3 acres off-leash and people come from all over the area, for a reason.
It was good but overpriced...sorry but hot dogs? And you gave it a fancy name..oh no never again
Love full service salon! Looks great inside!  Love 2 shop, they sell the cutest clothes!
Wonderful place to eat !   The food is amazing and the staff is a delight.  A must try !
This used to be a great salon...years ago. Not sure what happened. Blah.
La pizza est d licieuse! La salade c sar aussi. Un peu ch re mais  a en vaut la peine :)
Food is really good, just if you order for delivery expect it to take more than 30 mins.
Very nice place! Lasagna frita is one of my fav appetizers! Service was good!!! Highly recommended
We got the Cantonese chow Mein, calamari and the turnips. Really good service really good food
The nutella and banana crepes were amazing. I cant wait to go back and try there waffles too.
Great handmade ice cream, and really nice people. My kids love this place.
love the pancakes!  one of our go to breakfast spots
Limited menu, but I loved everything that we ordered. Three Fungi pizza was the best!
One of the best ramen spots I've ever been to by far. Def try it if your around this area.
The food is fabulous and well priced, get off the strip and eat here!
Worth the trek, it's actually so delicious. Love the brunch there! Cute atmosphere and great staff!
A nice Italian bistro, good ambiance, singer in the evening. Good sauce on the entrees.
Their gyozas were the best!! Wanted to impress my 11 yr old boy for his first Gyoza experience-
Tasty and pretty quick. Dig the grab-and-go spam musubi too.
Decent Chicken and waffles. Nothing to rave about. I'd try something else if I ever went again.
Fun place to workout, the trainers motivate you to keep going and is so addicting
Everything here is delicous.  The fish is fresh and rice perfectly cooked. Staff is friendly.
Hreat service department specially Victor, he has been very friendly, polite and trustworthy.
Delicious!
Best soft shell crab ever! Jared was our server and he's so awesome! very accommodating and nice..
Spectacular tasting fish!!!  SEABREAM from the Mediterranean   Don't you dare not eat the skin!
Fast & Easy!  Walked out, picked my car out & was on the road! Thanks!
Eh. It got better than it was before. still not wonderful but hey,,, who cares? i love eggs
Nice guys. But they forgot to put the seals back in the watch that make it water proof.
Sit at the bar! Eduardo is quick and has the best recommendations! Ahi tuna tacos are delicious
Cute restaurant with friendly staff and reasonable prices!
Awesome! The sushi is the bomb! And you get so much food; definitely worth your money!!! Go go go!
High quality great food every time. The great food makes up for the mediocre service.
Great place ! Rudy and Daniel are excellent! Its a must place to go. You wont regret it.
My fav all time coffee destination in Tempe. It's a fabulous place to do homework and socialize.
Ordered a iced mocha coffee and it wasn't very good! Pricey too!
Been waiting 40 mins just to be helped make a key one guy working the register at 1 pm
Good Chinese Food! *Thumbs Up*
As authentic as it gets. Trying new stuff. Staff is cool and crepes are delicious, made fresh
Just tried their fescolina pizza. Awe yeah... Tasty definitely coming back later, haha
edited
Joey was super great and efficient. Thank you for your service. I'll definitely recommend Joey!
Excellent service!  Food was delicious as usual!  Thank for putting a positive end to our night.
Had a groupon, took the kids all had fun. Place was clean, smelled ok and my boys had a great time!
Salt n pepper calamari was good. Cold staff.
Their coffee is amazing! Adding boba brings it to the next level  open 24/7   I'm addicted!
Friendly staff and cool lounge atmosphere.  The hookah was fun and easy to use.  Stiff drinks too.
Food is good ... Service is bad. The saddest part is that the issue seems to be the owner/cashier.
Char is personable, ethical and professional. I would highly recommend her!
Maye Heating and cooling has been bought out by Morris/Jenkins and is no more.
Very fast response and quality work.  Would recommend to anyone in need of reliable work
Great Sunday happy hour! The food is absolutely delicious and the staff very friendly and efficient
Was delicious. Will book reservations in the future. Great atmosphere, and the tacos are filling.
 Ann  !  
Best fade and scissor work in Vegas. Love Chanel couldn't be happier with the experience.
One of the best modern Mediterranean kitchens in the locality! Definitely recommend it!
Enjoyed the Irish Red and the pale ale. Pizza was good and the potato nachos were VERY good!
I've given them about five tries to live up to their reputation. Disappointed every single time...
Best food in city to pair with wine. Go early to avoid line. Steak is out if this world.
This was the first time we have eaten here.  The food was great and the service was phenomenal.
Bud tender Dalton is the bomb and stupid yelp wants more words.  Words words words and more words.
The guy is always friendly and willing to help out did a good job at sizing a ring.
Excellent! Service was great. Melissa...Thank uuu I LOVE THIS PLACE...
New menu is even better. Lunch option for 6 dollar. Been coming here sonce it opened.
Server with buzz haircut as rude. Place was dirty. Not the nostalgic fun place they pretend to be.
great selection of yogurt and treats to put on top and very clean. I love this place!!
Best donair in the city. Made the east coast way. Really, really good value.
Service was extremely slow, drinks were very pricey, food was lousy! A huge disappointment.
Professional and well staffed. My father was in good hands and wasn't worried at all. Thank you
It's authentic, friendly, lively, and the chips and salsa will change your life. Highly recommended.
Ordered take out. Calamari was undercooked and Veal was a small portion. Very disappointing.
Fun for the kids.  Ghetto area and sometimes the crowd is a bit rough.
Beware. This service is terrible.  My car smelled like vomit.
Best cheesesteak in town IMHO. They have a 20 incher which is plenty for two people.
Lunch today with a friend. Awesome, tortilla soup and salad so yummy!!!
My go to nail place in the henderson area, they always do a great job and prices are good.
Great service and the subs are phenomenal haven't tried the other foods they offer only the subs..
Great tasting burgers and the poutine is pretty good too. Wish the fries were better, but overall 5*
Place to go for a dessert (red velvet funnel is yummy) but I wouldn't recommend for dinner
The staff and food are great! It's right on the Main Street downtown and has perfect atmosphere
Great wings! TWC fries is delicious. Workers are very friendly. Will come back for sure.
Great food, love the daily specials - just wish they had more desserts :)
Fantastic gluten free baked goods. Worth the drive for the gluten free bagels alone!
Luxy nail now called nail republic
Great service!! Professional work done just the way I wanted it will be using this company again!
The drinks are good (1 star) and the view is excellent. (2 stars), but got bored quick.
Excellant bi re   Montr al,  si tu veux essayer une bi re vrai, vas-y.
I love this place so much! Their Thai tea very good and fired rice are all delicious!
Love the flavors and the food! Decent prices, recommend to everyone
Very good chicken fried steak. Okra. And mashed potatoes. Makes great leftovers if you can't finish!
My daughter loves shopping for our cat here.  Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable.
great food and happy hour love the gumbo and bacon wrapped shrimp. good gaming bar.
Very disappointed. The service was good but the food sux'd... won't be back
Amazing bone marrow. Very nice place. Chef was friendly. Will come again to try new things.
Tony did a great job. He is very meticulous. Also courteous.
Very delicious steaks here with a nice atmosphere.  The steaks are delicious with sides.  Thumbs up!
This place is the best!!  Had my 15 year old son go there and it cleared up his acne...
Excellent service and clean as can be! Very impressed! My kids had fun and we had a blast!
Consistent food.  The mushroom soup is good.
Great food and atmosphere, a lunchtime  favorite that's great for breakfast/brunch, as well!
A bit over rated.  Food was good but small portions as expected, but pricey.  Excellent service.
J'ai vais au moin une fois par semaine, si tu arrive avant 9h 30 il y a des bon prix
All I can say is try the chicken and waffles and the after school special!!! Amazing!!
I want to swim in their biscuits and rosemary butter for the rest of my life.
Bar sympathique et ambiance tamis e , un large menu de bi re, cocktails , vins blanc et rouges
Excellent service. Quick response. Replaced irrigation valves and tested. Very professional.
Great place one of my fav .... But the service is sooooooo bad it hurts to leave a tip
Great food. Terrible fly problem. Outside is a constant swarm, inside is 2 or 3 per table.  GROSS!
Good food, quick delivery, but was a little pricey for what it was.  I would likely not order again.
My wife and I were there yesterday and watch the movie in the recliners awesome sound system
Great customer service and you also get 10% off when you check in on social media. Great food.
Love Love Loooooooooove their pizza! Veggie and plain cheese are my favorites~
This is the best bar in Vegas. Amazing beer, cocktails, and food. Tons of local taps.
Great barber shop! Pamm's been cutting my hair for about 8 years great atmosphere highly recommended
Pixie cut and color....wow!  Better than a $200 salon!
Miguel did a great job fixing my phone in 10 mins... I needed a digitizer and he did a great job.
I highly recommend 510. Matt did my tattoo and I absolutely love it. Will definitely be back.
The service is amazing and the food is so good!!! You might have to wait but its still so gooooood
Great place to go for cookouts. Nice thick steaks and awesome pinwheels! Fast and friendly service.
good food but am confused why only sell hot food until 2pm. nice location.
Great casual place for lunch or dinner. Had the southwestern chicken sandwich it was great.
Great Food! I love the outdoor dining!!  There were way too many flies!! kinda gross
Mediocre at best. Nothing was outstanding - for the prices, I had much higher expectations.
I am biased. I love it here. Inexpensive. Friendly. Always come here for my Supreme Bento Box fix.
Mongolian beef best I've had in AZ Singapore rice noodles spicy curry yum Great service Clean  Nice
Appreciate having a local "Deli" offering various regional foods!  Support local business owners!!
Sick atmosphere and sexy chemists synthesizing seductive solutions.
Fun and flirty little spot with cute accents that truly make you feel like you're on vacation.
Barry is the best! I use him for all my key needs! Very professional and pleasant to work with!
Good pizza. Nothing incredible but the best that delivered to my old place off of Wyndham Ridge.
Very friendly owners/operators need to try the rest of the menu next time I'm in town
Friendly staff and good quality workmanship at a fair price.  I was in and out in 30 minutes.
This place serves phenomenal sandwiches. The Reuben is delish! And fries are homemade
Out of Business. I checked the phone thinking they might have moved. Nope - "no longer in service"
Bartender wonderful, Owner right  there and didn't introduce himself( not good) place not even busy!
Simple and tasty. Big blue burrito was just what I needed.
Nice staff. Fast Service. Delicious BOBA and donuts!
Love the freshly made pasta. Really high quality service and nice, relaxing atmosphere
Nothing like this place in Summerlin, fresh and new. I expect this to be a regular spot for me.
Beautiful lounge. Great Live music. Bomb DJ and tasty hookah!
Great Shrimp dumpling noodle soup
Absolutely fantastic bar selection and the food is perfectly complimentary to the whiskeys!
Great tacos and gauc! Wish it were easier to get into and less expensive considering portions.
My favorite place for BREAKFAST!!!! Like an ole diner. Good service. Friendly staff. Great food.
A Las Vegas Staple. Great Drinks, Great Food, Great Atmosphere, Great Crowd.
I just had to do an errand in Woodbridge so i stopped by. Great cannoli, great lattes, nice service!
Over priced, burger was good, not great. Average. Soda selection was poor, probably never go back
Best pizza in town! If you are lucky enough to live near Zzeeks, you must try it! And they deliver!
Extremely friendly service,  great for dependable rides 24/7!
            tea station    
Fabulous training facility! Very family oriented ! They have classes for kids, teens and adults!
Clean simple food, well priced, good choice, well priced, has seating, staff very courteous.
Creative, amazing details to each piece, fit to flatter my figure!
food was alright, not fresh, just reheated. service was very slow!
Pizza was just ok, but it's a very cool place to visit on a trip to Vegas. Good luck finding it!
Most creative and palate provoking restaurant we've been to in a long, long time. Fabulous!!
I love the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. I ordered a spicy dish and it's so good. Mmmmm
Went back for lunch and had a sandwich and nachos.  This place is still awesome.
Great effective and personable dental care.      Dr. Carlos and all staff really care for patients.
Breakfast was horrible but the regular menu items were decent.  Loved the asian food here.
I'm so impressed with the eye doctor at  Oasis Eyecare! Dr Corona Hoang was exceptional  
Good salad, good soup, great pizza, crust was perfect, service very pleasant...I will be back.
Good service here just to load for me  More for younger people ... Love JLO show excellent
Best wings in town, great service, friendly staff.  All around great food and atmosphere.
Very nice and pleasant service. Sushi is very good especially within the prices they charge.
Food was ok. Nothing to rave about. Price was on the high side. Don't plan on coming back.
I remember the bacon, and the potatoes the most, we had to wait to get a table but it was very good.
Phenomenal sushi!! Best I've had in a long time!! Everything was so fresh!
A bit lackluster.  Over-sensationalized and glorified storefront for Christmas Story merchandise.
Meh! A bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty. The food is only ok I probably won't go back
Yuck!!! White trash food!!!
Possibly the best wings I've ever had. The extra ranch is a little pricey but worth it.
Do yourself a favor and defrost a pizza at home. It's the same thing.
Pretty good & tasty and inexpensive nice restaurant very clean with friendly staff I'll be back.
Overpriced movies and food, its your average movie theatre really.
Good food and great views.  We shared mussels, appetizer and caesar salad.
Excellent decor, music and prices. Just check it out with a bunch of friends... have fun!
Love this place! They are always friendly and the wings are good! Kool aid is good too!
I love it.  Specially the burgerziki burger. fries are delicious as well.
Great breakfast , great view in the patio. The rainforest look is gorgeous . I loved it here.
The chicken and waffles and whiskey coffee is TO DIE FOR! One of my favorite spots in Cleveland.
No complaints
Just not as good as they once were.  Now The Capital Grille is all the rage.
Quick and friendly service! Frequent this location and almost always have a great experience.
Amazing authentic Italian food!! Excellent service! The sauce is amazing. Highly recommend!
They claim the "meat" is cut off and reheated....it's not.  Staff is really nice-food is really bad.
Great food. It's a bit pricey though. They take a long time to make your food but its worth it.
Wow what a nice place good for your ice cold good pizza and the sangria while I'm out of this world
Love this place, best sushi in Avondale! Great waiters, great food, awesome customer service!
Mac and cheese very good. BBQ, just ok.
Love the secrecy of this place.  Great pizza.  Expect a line.  sshhh...
Innovative concept. Tastes pretty good too!! What kind of meat do they use? I hope it is Boars head.
Love Matt's! Simple and delicious! Pancakes are so yummy!
Absolutely amazing. The goat dishes melt in your mouth and the buffet looks awesome. The real deal.
Loved scoop n' swirl! Amazing ice cream and friendly service!! Highly recommend :) will be back!
Morrocan bath So great. Clean and professional.  First rate massage therapist see Cynthia
This place is awesome!! You should check out if you like to play PC games and do web browsing!
OK. A little run down. Terrible food choices, and not much near by. Great laser tag arena.
great place dj nforce is awsome !!!!
A spacious store with a nice variety of things. Particularly good housewares and shoe sections.
great presentation.
I love this place!! The food and the service is great. Try the corn nuggets and the pot pie!
Glad to see her back... delicious gelato flavors and pastries!
Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?
Tasty, and very generous servings. The service was even greater!  Make sure you come hungry.
Arizona's Premiere Christian University! This is great place to work and go to school. Go Lopes!
Hadn't been there for a few years. Much improved menu and really enjoyable. We'll be back!
This place was terrible. Seriously who puts processed yellow cheese slices on pastrami sandwiches.
Worst customer service....bartender is extremely rude. I won't come back. My drink sucks too!
the worse boba I have drunk in  My entire life !   Never going back again  Very unprofessional
heck yeah, nice place, clean, cool, reasonable prices. 5 star thank you!
Reminds me of the Chinese food back home
Love this place. Been going here for a cpl years.   Wait can be a bit long but worth it.
Sloppy work, limited colors, the only good colors are an extra $6, not going back
Great place and Nice staff will return flatbread was excellent
Came here after reading blogto's review. Croissants and danishes were ok. Nothing spectacular.
Really enjoyed the food here. Amazing fries. Hissy fit fries and fat stack is what I ordered.
Food is hit or miss. Good luck
Love this place!!! Restaurant was clean, food was fresh, staff very friendly and knowledgeable .
Everything is top notch here. Staff, food and brand new location.
Love the family feel, they remember me as a regular, fast, affordable and great service
The remodeling is amazing. I like the new Giant Eagle.
I love their chicken it so good with the cold slaw and garlic bread it's so good you have to try it
This time around was even better! These people are ballsmazing. *insert Karate Kid theme song here*
Sorry. 3 day old rice. Food was cold and the wings were stale.  I won't be back.
I enjoy the dishes made spicy with fresh peppers.
Absolutely fantastic food, and very cool environment.  A hidden beauty!
We fed an entire volleyball team with no complaints. Enchilada sauce was very good.
Great food and amazing service.  I had the special of the day and empanadas.  Very authentic!
Very fun and good food. Every time I come to Vegas I eat here.
Loved it! Tommy was a doll! Great food and relaxing atmosphere. We'll definitely be back.
Great time here!  So much to see!  The monkeys and giraffe where the best!
I got the farm wrap and it was delicious! I really enjoy the lemon herb ranch w/the grilled veggies.
Tr s bon poulet portugais tendre et juteux servie avec frites et salade excellent sauce
Friendly, not noisy they serve food which I plan to try on Wednesday. Server is awesome
Good overall breakfast. Unique selection and the coffee keeps coming. Crepes are good. Worth a trip.
Favorite sushi in old town. Thursday night is ladies night with half off martinis and certain rolls.
Had an amazing experience purchasing my first stones here. Such great vibes! Will def be back!
Yummy, cheap, fast, easy! What more could you ask for? The drive through option is wonderful!
Loved this place. Beer was great. Food was good. Service was outstanding
Very delicious Kyushu Ramen in America! Like I eat in Japan. You can go by ride or 203 RTC
Great place and vibe.  No clowns or pretentious bullshit.
Place is really good...just wish they had fountain sodas!!!
Best ramen ever. Those chicken won tons are literally the best won tons I have ever had. Nom
Great place to go for Halloween fun! Lots of activities for the kids. We go every year!
All their pancakes are awesome and the kalua pig/grilled cheese sandwich is bomb too!
Tr s bon restaurant de Dumpling !!! Go teux bien fournis !!!   c t  de chez nous quel bonheur !
They make my real nails look as slick as acrylics.
Was expecting a buffet, but they no longer have it. Ordered from the menu, food was good.
The best breakfast in town!!  So glad that I don't have to go to Flagstaff for some good food.
Great southern BBQ comfort food. Service was attentive and fast. Overall good experience!!
The executive elite selection isn't always the best so you may want to reserve a premium car.....
Love this place they've got awesome chinese food!
An alright spot for a chill Thursday night if you can stand the smell and the cockroaches.
Definitely not the same since the switch from the last owner. Threw most of my order away
The best cappuccino you're likely to find in Las Vegas. I've looked.
Offbeat quirky bar with fresh juice and delicious food. Try the caprese salad it's my fave!
Love the waffle house fun friendly and yummy waffles cant go wrong here or at least so far.
It was just okay , nothing to write home about. I have had better at other breakfast places.
This place never disappoints! You must try their onion rings.
Great experience! Everything was awesome, very nice owner and shirts came out fantastic!
Best place ever! We truly love it here. Food is amazing, service is great, & atmosphere is the best!
Happening club. Great place to see and be seen.
Best pizza and customer service in town!!! The staff is always happy with a huge smile!
Stop what you are doing. Drive to Beirut. Get the Beef Shawarma Poutine. You're welcome.
Awesome, awesome, awesome pizza!  Very cool hidden counter on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan.
Best nail salon in all of Scottsdale. Very clean, friendly technicians. Talented with nail art.
Love this place! I've been  Botox and fillers for years and they always do a great job.
This taco truck is lit. Give it a chance if you like food that's bomb and reasonably priced.
really neat little hole in the wall - literally.  Great for after the clubs.
A must-visit when in town. Quality as usual. Fast line for Marriott Platinum is really nice!
Like the view of Downtown Toronto. The food and service is great.
Not that greatest Mexican dining! I suggest  Nuevo alcapulco.
The fish tacos, mac and cheese, and apple skillet were delicious!
Love the French dip sandwich and the Asian chicken salad. Yum. Service was good. We will come back.
Poor management/ customer service. Uncomfortable poorly maintained chairs. No happy hour food.
Great food and service! Although, it is a bit loud inside, they have a great atmosphere.
So good.  So good.  Best waffle that I have ever had.  So good.  So good.  Worth all the hype.
Food is fantastic as usual.  Staff is friendly and I never have to wait for service.  A+++
First class act all the way!  Yelp wants me to say more, but I think that says it alll....
Management reached out and made things right.  Our second visit was great.  Thanks again.
I heart this place! The versa spa is awesome, I don't think I could ever go anywhere else!
Never have grilled chicken. If they don't bother having it in stock then take it off the menu!
Had an awesome girls night celebrating a birthday!!! Jarrett is the best server out there
The Lagaria, Pinot Grigio was good and so was the pork belly lasagna. A+ for the attentive service.
So fun my first time!!! staff is  so helpful and friendly awesome place and prices great
fast +cheap if you order the right thing + open late + makes goofy commercials  = Jack in the Box
Price is okay. Food is bad (dinner,  I've never tried the dimsum) . Not one dish was enjoyable.
It's like Trader Joe's except cheaper and more organized.
Wow!!! Fantastic Burgers! Helpful friendly servers! Great atmosphere! Can't go wrong here!
Dark roast coffee is my favorite drink here. plenty of tables, free wifi but no power outlets.
wow! the best pizza. the owner and his wife a really friendly, wonderful people!
Haven't received my food yet but this smoothie is really refreshing! Perfect in this Vegas heat.
Minimal seating but awesome atmosphere make this the PERFECT happy hour destination!
Very good food. Try Shrimp tempura and Singapore noodles.
Sorry, I found the food to be really bland. Excellent service, though and I did like the tea.
Best (Delivery) Pizza I've had in Madison.  I'd recommend the Featlicious super-thin crust.
Booooomb. Will be back. Had the parpadelle bolognese and lasagna. Delish!! Can't wait to try more!
The food is always amazing here and the staff extremely friendly ! The best tonkatsu shoyu in town !
Cindi & the staff at SMART have always been very professional & provide excellent customer service.
It's just fine.  Nothing special, but nothing great.
Great food, value, and great service! I come here at least once a week and I am never disappointed.
This location has a limited menu. Most of the items of their site are not available here.
Great place for coffee in the Verrado, really good tasting coffee and friendly, helpful staff.
Damn good wings.  Those fry's are amazing as well.
This place is just Seoul, Korea. Everything was perfect!! ,  are two best!  was also good!!
Best tasting fried chicken but pricey. The staff is very attentive and always smiling.
Yumm so good and pleasant! Geat place for  after winning a soccer tourney!!! Gooooooal!!!!!!!
Great authentic food. A must do when you're in Pittsburg! Party of 7 and everything was delicious!!
Great lunch buffet. Place had no ventilation whatsoever but will definitely be back for the food.
Steak was good, service was good, awesome price. Champagne is good as well. Will definitely go back.
My boy is getting his junk snipped!!!! 40 min,
Great meal, lovely ambiance, passionate wait staff.  Would definitely go again.
Place isn't and won't ever have the same taste since they switched owners.
Worse parts person I have ever dreamt with.  Rude, discourteous, and more.  Will NEVER go back!!!
I've been here several times. Always enjoy myself. Staff and clientele are friendly and fun!!
Loved the facial! The extractions were great and it was so relaxing. Highly recommend!
Only tried a few things but it was all very good. Fast service too. Nice place, going back for sure.
Great patio and location (if you work in the financial district).  Lame beer selection though.
Chocolate as far as the eye can see! Every available option! Over 15 Lindor flavours!
LOVE the matzo ball soup and brisket sliders!  The bakery is extensive.
All I have to say is Chicken Super Nachos and Steak and Egg breakfast burrito!!!!!!    PAPOW!!!
Pho is delicious! Must try the spring rolls with pork and shrimp. So good. Nice quiet atmosphere.
Worst haircut ever. They just cut it without any clue. Do not go here if you love your hair.
Staff are friendly, fixed a error on my bill professionally. Strongly recommend Alamo.
Ask for Vi!  She is super sweet & does a great job!
After 3 years and 5 groomers we have finally found one that knows how to properly cut our pup!
Great burgers and the service is truly best in class. Will return without question!
I really like this place. It has superb food and service. A very enjoyable time.
I live in Vegas and this by far is a hidden gem. I think its the best steakhouse in Las Vegas
Tasty burger.  My dad comes her almost daily.  Momo is super nice.
Salon is always kept clean with good friendly people. Will be back next week!
Delicious ice cream, friendly staff, good location.  Stop by and grab some!  My son loved it!
Get in my mouth. Quality is higher than Air Force One.  If you ain't here, you wrong.
Everyone at dealership went over and beyond to make deal happen. Great customer service!!!
Hard working workers here to make sure your car comes out clean and shine.
Favorite oyster bar in town. Love the food and staff. Very convenient and a++ a Bears bar
Place was okay, but not memorable. Would recommend nachos at On the Boarder or Macayo's instead.
Good service and food but not washroom had pee covering the walls. Which makes me lose my appetite.
bought a great couch sectional from the Town Center and 215 location.  Great deal!!
COMPLETELY OVERPRICED and very little portions.the food is average.nice staff however.
Been to Vegas numerous and wife and I love the Buffets there.  Wicked Spoon is good, really good.
This was so fun and the service was great with cute servers and all. The drinks and food was perfect
Great pedicure, no complaints! I look forward to going back! Place was clean and service was great!
Great coneys! Love that I have a bit of home here in Arizona!  Worth the trip down to Tempe!!
It's Six Flag's little sister!  ;D  Still some fun, gets boring after a while.
We went for our anniversary and restaurant week. Food was great. Our server ( Stephanie) was awesome
Fast, friendly service of ice cream. Lots of variety and fun ice cream shop atmosphere.
Great environment, staff and most importantly, great food!  It's worth waiting for a table! :)
their breakfast rocks , cant beat the price , dont let the secret out !
I have eaten here a few times and always leave with a satisfied belly.  'Nuff said!
Food is amazing, fresh, new take on old standbys  You can't go wrong here
Delicious, one of the best sushi places in Las Vegas.
How funny that someone stated too much breading on Korean short ribs???? Kalbi isn't breaded. Lol.
I love this place!!!! Food always so fresh and tasty. The coconut ice cream is to die for!!!!!!!
Weak sauce.. Zombie staff.. Total bummer..                                        Won't be back
I don't recommend. Don't waste your time. Food is not fresh. Read reviews on other sites.
I don't visit bars often but Dodey's is certainly worth going to again.
New to the area! Wow my first super target! Very nice inside! Food selection is good!
Big portion but quality may vary. Staffs are nice. Must try Cantonese fried noodles and congee.
Had the fried chicken tacos with rice and beans.  This place is really clean and the food is g
Excellent food, close to home and great atmosphere. Love the live bands and the quick service.
Our dog loves it there, nice little area and great location!
We brought our 3 year old in after reading Olivia visits Venice. Friendly and delicious!
Great service, had the tamales, very good. I'm happy to have new fresh options in the area!
Great atmosphere. Great food. Great service. A great place to grab a bite not far from Airport.
Sad to say but I have needed their services more than once. Been very happy with services and prices
Dr Mac has been taking care of my kids for 14 yrs! Wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
We ordered the Cajun Lobster roll and it was good. The server forgot our drinks.
Just ate lunch here.   Very good food and great Value.  Chicken and broccoli was awesome.
Never disappointed with the food here! We love the gyros and Athens fries. It's a local favorite.
I get waxed by Pam, she's great. It's easy to make appointments, and the girls are super friendly.
Great food great service. New York prices.
Delicious! Great menu. Everything tastes as good Pho should.
The patty melt and a chocolate malt. My favorite "cheat day" (or "cheap day") indulgence.
best sushi place in the area, little $$$ though... but yummy.
cool place, great happy hour, nice people
Un bon vieux bar de quartier.  Il y a beaucoup de gens de la r gion qui s'y sentent comme chez eux.
Amazing food and amazing wine! Thanks for making our first meal in Montreal one to remember
Good, fast, friendly service and you can even buy some frozen to take home and cook.
Food was decent, and the beer was good. Sitting outside watching the world go by wasn't bad, either!
Easily the best fade out there. Go check em out. Ricardo will take great care of you.
Great sandwiches, The Queen's sandwich is my go to. Very solid lunch spot.
This is a fun place to see a show or grab a drink.  So glad it opened in downtown Phoenix!
This was an alright place for me. Simple and quick! Still trying to find more udon places :-)
So glad to be back and back at my gym! Clean, more than enough machines, nice team.  Thanks!
Great products, wonderful service and now they are Safe Harbor Certified! Thanks Butcher Block!
My favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix. Carne avocado in anything they make is the best.
Excellent value, delicious food, yummy mojitos  and friendly staff! Can't wait to come back!
Tr s bonne pizza .....mais...faut pas  tre   la di te hein! Treeeees Cochon et gras Mais bonne
Gave Mitzi's a second chance and the service was a lot better this time!
Great food, Great Staff/service, Great Prices. Our server was a doll. Left extremely happy.
Great place to eat. Fast service and very affordable. Cheesesteak hoagies are the best!
No seriously. This is not sushi, this is some sort of Montreal fusion sushi-lookalike.
I loved the quick service and california benny. Shared the bread pudding. It was awsome!!!!
Kerri did hair today and did great good on clean up from a previous bad cut. Highly recommend Kerri.
Super good! Love this place There are many selections are the menu and everything looks sooooo GOOD
Great location and new ownership is doing renovations.  Seems like a nice place to live....
The Best Fish and Ships by far this side of the East Coast.  :)
Delicious tacos, quick service, and friendly staff. 2 tacos was a filling and satisfying lunch.
Well stocked record store with a smaller selection of used records compared to new.
Do not go to this place for the food. Just go for drinks and to enjoy the downtown view.
Easy pick up. Easy drop off. Very clean newer car. Friendly employees. Very satisfied
And on a good day, you'll see hardworking waitresses on their well-deserved break haha
I loved my nails  great costumer service and great work. Kim is great and very nice loved it here
Initially dissatisfied, but after hearing me out, they resolved the issue for me.  All is good.
Best ice cream ever!!!! Pistachio & chocolate brownies amazing.  Ask for warm waffle cone
Really nice rooms. Good restaurant. But valet parking is $11 a day -guests included. Ridiculous.
Wonderful food and artistic environment. Friendly staff. The pocket sandwich is awesome.
Quality of the roles and nigiri, subtle flavors and textures, extremely pleased with all of it.
A classic Scottsdale staple.  Nothing has changed in decades and I love it that way.
Nice guys, super personable! Exactly what I would hope for I'm a fun city like Vegas!
This zoo is a huge disappointment.  Most of the animals were hiding or just non-existent.
Food's been going downhill in the Vegas Buffet scene, including this one.
Fast great service, I can only recommend it. He always helps you the best he can!
Meh, it was okay. Not the best food ever but not terrible
Great family owned business where food always tastes good and you are always greeted with a smile
Did the machine gun adventure with some friends. Awesome experience. Good staff, nice range.
Literal best fries in the US. Try them with vinegar! A PA favorite!
Yummy!!! We had the white chocolate latte, the Fresco Crepe and the Anna Banana Crepe
Great portion and soup was awesome! New favorite spot for my pho and other vietnamese dish!
Brunch is fantastic, great spot, good food, good coffee
Fantastic fish and great chili!  The service is quick and the Yuengling is cheap!
Great Italian beef... Just like Al's in Chicago. Service was excellent. A must try  if in the area.
Right around the corner on the strip. Pizza took an hour and a half to arrive and was cold.
It's inexpensive, but it's really small. I didn't find anything special about it.
Very poor dining service. The waitress has attitude and gives different treatment to customers.
Worst sandwich place. Weird sandwiches. Doesn't taste good at all. I suggest not to go here
Delicious food....fresh....fresh...   Resonably priced.  Don't forget your punch card
So many delicious options! The pierogies are phenomenal! Bring cash if you can for an extra discount
Bought my guitar there.  Very knowledgeable.  Let you try it out and make great suggestions!
Dave and Nancy have been there from the start for me. Thanks for everything guys!!!
Great place!  Good fashionable styles and staff is always nice
Fast repair! They saved me on a Sunday! They know what they're doing. Come here for your repairs!
great selection, delicious food- I would shop/eat here everyday if it wasn't so damn expensive!!
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, fast service and good food. Worth a trip.
Very cool place! Cozy, laid back. Excellent food! Friendly patrons and super sweet staff! :)
Charge me 20.00 for steak fries and a taco with extra guacamole, something doesn't add up!
Simple,  quick, well priced,  friendly staff!  Nothing fancy but good for a quick bite to eat
Great selection of coffee and light snacks (or heavily saccharine). Open 24/7. Good overall.
We frequent this place at least once a week. Love the SS roll. The service is always great.
Great menu. Great service. Clean. I especially love the breakfast burrito. A hidden gem!!!
Charming and adorable best macaroons in town really expensive though
Great service . I was in and out within an hour. Will definitely return for future services.
Incredible scenery on this appx 4.5 mile hike! Such a lovely surprise outside the city!
Fresh ingredients.  Casual atmosphere. A very busy place, but it's busy because it's delicious.
pricey, tiny portion, effort-less, worse-than-homemade quality dishes. I would not come back
this place is amazing! very clean, very comfortable--we didnt want to leave!!!!  AWESOME!!!!!
Great to work with. Just enough pressure to make a sale without us feeling overly pressured.
Unimpressive... I'd rather go to Panda Express. I didn't even finish my food.
Excellent POLLO FUNDIDO,  and BURGERS. I've been here twice and both times the food was really good.
Cold curing pho.   Thank you Yelp for helping us find this place.
Food was great but you pay a hefty price for the view and food.  Would only go on special occasions.
Is the best cigar shop I have found. Prices,Service and Selection were all great..
Super friendly and knowledgeable I called because my daughter got bit by a venomous spider !
First time here ...To be completely honest, they truly did one hell of a job! Thank you guys again!
Awesome facility and staff! The club manager is great!
Finally a place with giant salads!!! Good Prices! Cute Staff
This place was delicious! My husband and I came here for brunch. The eggs Benedict was amazing.
Packed as a mofo... But nice music and a helluva time. No where else I'd rather be with my friends.
Delicious food. I had the sea bass and my husband had the bone in rib-eye.  Fabulous!
Had their zeppoles and I must say that they were quite good. Probably top 5 in Montreal.
Best Hawaiian food in town. Great portions. The seasoning on the spam musubi is so yummy.
This place is wonderful...the food is great...Ramon is the perfect host....will be back often!
Unbelieveably slow was told ten minutes waited 19 minutes! Just be honest! Won't be back for sure
Their ramen tastes OK, but is definitely not worth the price ($10+). I'm Japanese, trust me.
love the Pastrami and Corned Beef!
Great food..Good place for the family..My kids really like it..
Great customer service. Orders always correct. Best JITB I have visited
excellent breakfast... great bacon sold here!
Amazing Almond croissant, great capuccino, and good brunch dishes in a really nice envitonment
I have yet to find a better ny style pizza in Vegas. Very consistent.
Very good dinner.  We had a nice time.  The eggplant parm was very good!  We will be back.
Great stuff, great menu, great breakfast!!!! Love the crepes and the huevos rancheros.
Cold food. Watery drinks. Very dark...could not read menu.
Good stuff. Great barbecue chicken. Close to home can make the meal fast. Kind of pricy.
This used to be my favorite restaurant. Still pretty good but I miss there lunch time specials.
Super cool bar.  Set on an outdoor rooftop, with a pool and lounge area.  Great staff, great drinks!
Great little place!. Reasonable prices, great advice from kind and friendly staff.
Great price great food bottomless mimsosas what else can you ask for in a Vegas buffet
Pizza was not fresh. Chicken from the chicken parm hero was rubbery. Usual cook was not there.
Very conveniently located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center and the staff is always very helpful.
Can't go wrong with this place in the summer time. They have good snow cones and smoothies.
Bestest bang for your entertainment buck in all of Nevada, or California for that matter.
Best Gelato in the valley. I love the blended Gelatte (coffee latte and Gelato). A must try.
Complete wastage of money, food was horrible and my entire family was disappointed.
Excellent service et repas sant . Ambiance d contract e. Bien h te de profiter de la terrasse
Great sushi at an affordable price! Been coming here for two years now and it's amazing!
Excellent service! Try the shrimp spring rolls, seared tuna and the banoffee pie! Yum!!
Long line, slow service, I was not able to use my Starbucks app to pay, and the prices are HIGH!
One of the best clubs in the nation to play TT at any level. Excellent facility.
Good quick lunch. Tasted good,had the cajun and cajun fries. Roll was on the small side.
Best chicharron burrito in Phoenix for sure.. been eating at this place since the mid 90's
Not exactly sure how they pulled this off, but yeah, it's legit NYC pizza.
Wine is way overpriced. You can find exact wine much much cheaper at other stores in Calgary.
Love it  they always have good specials like 1/2 doz for free when you purchase a dozen
Great quaint little bistro with flavorful goodies. Me an the hubby really enjoyed our brunch.
Awesome service food and variety must have when you go to the Cosmo Thank you awesome service
Fresh and served hot Taste is also phenomenal ! Very authentic and fast too which is a plus.
This restaurant deserves a michelin star. Honestly so much standards here.
Was my favorite pizza spot until the bed bug situation. I'll never order from them again.
Overpriced!!!! $25 to shorten a hem on a summer dress.  She charges more than I paid for dress!
Dr. Baldwin and his staff are amazing!  I can't say enough about how accommodating they are!
Pretty good hotel. Right there in the center. Parking is expensive 20$
Nice shoes, helpful staff, but pricey. Didn't find what we were looking for.
Great food & service every time!!! Red Velvet Pancakes love!
Good food.  A lot of worthless taps.  No local brews at all.  Shame.
Loved this place! Sexy vibe and great service. The crab cakes are on point. Can't wait to go back!
Cool joint, good margaritas. Park next door. Loud. Needs sound panels...or be a lip reader.
Chicken Fries sucked big time and didn't give us ordered condiments as well as flat sodas
Love this place. The office cats just roam freely. They took excellent care of our cats.
I've been here a couple times and this place is awesome! The owner is a pretty sweet dude
This place was awesome--great food and service, no crowd.  The Irish Salmon is to die for!
Good food, pleasant waitress, comfortable but smells smokey
Great spot for beers and tacos.  Guacamole was on point.  Bartender Chris was on it.  Great job!
Food is awesome! French toast and peasant potatoes are delish!
DELICIOUS!  Loved the hash browns most!!  service was fairly slow but food was worth it!
Panda Express kicks this place's bum, and I don't even really like Panda.
Meh. If your drunk and need to fill the void then do it. Even then pretty dry and lacked seasoning.
Prompt and polite service, great food lunch or dinner. This place deserves your business. Enjoy!
The employee was horrible! Missing hairs, no talking or smiling!  Worst experience ever!
One of our new favorite places. This is how pizza should taste!!! Service great! Food phenomenal.
So delicious!!  Don't miss out on the pressed pig sandwich, AMAZING!  Great customer service.
Classic - need to get the bologna sandwich, and the soda isn't bad either!
A FANTASTIC DINNER and wonderful Hosts.  Thank you for a great evening
The wait was ridiculous- 2 hours.  Guess the food must be mind blowing...we didn't wait.
great shows lots of fun saw a band named BEKKONING there a few times and they were fucking kick ass
Excellent street tacos and a large salsa bar. Authentic South of the border atmosphere and decor.
Great staff and all the necessary machines.
I give 5 stars for a reason. Everything I've ever had at Rehab is like a party in my mouth.
Food was delicious, service was excellent! They have a great brunch menu and I love the decor!
Just what Verdun needs. An icecream parlor that serves Baileys icecream dipping sauce!
Loved the fresh food and the pleasant athmosphere!
Had great coffee. I'm from out of town and went out on a limb... and glad I did!
Country store is nice. Service was good.  Food continues to go downhill.
It was a good buffet but i feel for a brunch buffet there wasn't much of a selection.
Great place with great food. Love eating here. Their tuna salad is delicious. Love their burgers.
Great business.  Staff is super knowledgeable and helpful.  Great place to chill and burn one!
Great coffee, too bad the area is littered with bums asking for change.
The food is super delicious service couldn't ask for better.... and the decor amazingly classy!
Excellent food portions - great customer service!
He gets the job done but is Nasty and Rude to customers. I will be using someone else in the future.
Good donuts! Place is a bit small, however it's cozy.
One of the cutest cafes downtown! Amazing turkish brunch on sundays for a really good price!
This place rocks! Excellent in all aspects, quality pie , reasonable price and friendly staff.
My favorite sushi place to come to in Phoenix! Always great service and amazing tasting sushi.
Super friendly owner! Would def recommend for anyone needing good deals on guns in Vegas!
Decent food, nothing outstanding though. Decor is somewhat outdated. Service is good.
Always love their food.  Great customer service and fantastic sushi.  Garlic edamame is amazing.
Fresh food. Colorful menus. Lots of locally grown, farm to table choices. A great location.
Great neighborhood place to walk to for breakfast or brunch. Staff friendly and relaxed.
Great food! Chill music, atmosphere and owner! Top notch service! Highly recommend this spot!
Not worth the expensive pricey mess . Better off at the food court . Las Vegas hikes prices
Wow! Great new yogurt shop in the Grayhawk area... yummy good.
Excellent cover up and refresh work. Krystof is the best artist in the Las Vegas area
Great service, great drinks and an amazing chop salad!!! I will eat here every time I visit.
Rudest people on earth.  I have never seen such bad customer service from employees.  Never again.
Mantenere quel fascino senza fiato Perch  ti amo Proprio il modo di cucinare stasera
My favorite place for sushi in Old Town. The earliest happy hour (3PM) I can think of.
This place is great! These donuts are pricey but fresh and worth it. Try the salted Carmel.
Had a great experience with Dr. Jaben. Eyesight is 20/15.
Clean. Tasty. Did NOT make me sick but still got a headache from the MSG.
The food was excellent!! I had the cashew chicken with brown rice. I will come here again for sure.
We love this place!! Food is delicious.. we eat here at least once a wk  staff is amazing!!
It's All GR8! A little pricey but good portions and quality ingredients. Definitely coming back!
$4.50 wings everyday except Sundays during happy hour. $2 domestic beers.  Real value
5 star food, 4 star price, 3 star service, 3 star portions. Ceviche and dessert recommended
Great little quaint spot, good food. We had a wonderful lunch and great service! Thank you:)
Got to me in 30 minutes. Very polite and efficient. Made a crappy situation into a better one.
I just want to say if u eat here they will put u to sleep for two hours afterwards! Food coma!
One of my favorite burger joints! Gotta try it out if you haven't yet.
Excellent and creative. Dishes here not available elsewhere. Great service. Bit pricy
G&S is amazing! Joe is awesome and truthful! I would recommend this auto sho to everyone
Nice atmosphere, friendly staff, good food.  Level 8 spice was not too spicy.
Jenny did a great job on my lashes! I would give it 5 stars, but the glue irritated my eyes.
Great friendly service. The best fresh pita bread I've ever had! The food is very tasty
Winning.  Especially M Bar in back!  What a great space. Quality products and smiling faces.  Yes!
TVs everywhere, good food at good prices, and great staff.  Be sure to see Brian behind the bar.
Excellent!! We found a gem in the west valley. Spicy seafood ramen and miso ramen were delicious I
The golden wings are amazing here and you can't beat the price of a zipparita at happy hour
great place, great beer!  I would recommend the potato Nachos.  Great food great service.  yum
Horrible worst salad ever I'd rather not eat then eat here! I threw it away what a waste of $13.
This is a nice place inside the Flamingo Hotel on the strip
Fun , Chill Spot ,Free Drinks ,Hot Women and a Chance to Test your Skills .
I had an excellent experience here getting my ring resized. Their customer service was top notch.
Burgers are alwAys great, place is always busy but they seem to move right through..,
Freedom storage has great customer services and always goes over and above to meet my storage needs.
New owners Less expensive than other places So many photography props
Had the pancakes, Carrot cake and  Bacon Cheddar and both tasted great!
Wanted a late night treat with my four friends. Instead we all got stomach pain after are blasts.
Awesome food for such a low price.. Great service as well. My regular lunch joint now!
Food was OK. Beer selection was good. My biggest complaint here is the loud volume of the music.
Food is consistently good, friendly service, but a bit on the pricey side.
Amazing food, amazing atmosphere. Pittsburgh salad is awesome! Wine night is amazing!
Must have come on an off night because these burgers are seriously off the chain!!
My new favorite place, great food, great prices! If you are in the area, I highly recommend KoMex!
10 patons in the entire resturant, slowest service ever.  They must actually go catch the fish.
Really good cappucinos--their espresso blend is strong and balanced.  Home baked goodies too!
Really great sizzling rice soup, mu shu and hunan chicken. And very friendly service.
Great pizza. Reasonable. Get the meatball. Rather hidden.
In the Yelp pictures, shows there's a lunch special but there isn't.  Food does not taste that good.
Can it be possible to have too much cheese?  Good pizza but way too greasy and salty for me.
Just amazing!! We fell in love with this little gem
Yummmm. Go here. You won't regret it. It's worth the long wait in line.
Food was hot, fresh and very tasty!  Exceeded our expectations and we will definitely be back!
My sisters and I voted, 7.5 out of 10. Decent sandwiches, very clean and good customer service.
The honey seared chicken is particularly tasty and a favorite.
Food was great. Nice place once tour inside, the outer appearance has you thinking twice.
"Best chicken! Great staff! Good ole southern fried! Juicy, crispy, just plain YUM!!"
Quick and friendly service! Great stop for a quick lunch break
Great service; always friendly, fast, and consistent! I love the naked sweet potato burrito. Yummmm
Great food, really authentic chorizo burrito and their breakfast burrito is the best!
Excellent service, very accomodating even for last minute appointments for her faithful clients.
Skip it if you can. The bread is really poor and hard.
grande skinny caramel macchiato.... only 140-calories!!! amazing :)
Friendly service, clean. Love the pink lady and salmon skin hand wraps.
Ya feel like a million bucks and they park your car....
Great service. The guys came by and took care of my car while I was at work. Very pleased.
Typical Subway, clean restrooms, nice employees. Hey, it's a Subway, what do you want?
Usually it's a chill place but the bartender was a bit rude and tip reflects on your service
Lunch buffet until 2.30pm.
The best katsu I've ever had. Get the original. The garlic one was also pretty good.
Great mexican food. Easy to order. Home made dishes. Delicious!
I'll be writing a full review of my living experience here at Silverado Village apartments soon..
great dealership.  awesome management by john nissen.   we will be a customer for life.
Pistachios flavour very authentic. Great service. Made with soy milk most of flavour. Chic decor.
Um, yes.  In a town full of overrated casual breakfast joints, this one is the real deal.
Was super pissed about Beer selection. Wouldn't call  This place "hip" EVER.
Kelsey is awesome! love her and her haircuts/styles....
Great experience! Aubrey was very knowledgeable and professional. Will definitely be going back!
Great selection for collectors, and the prices are fair. Found a few hard-to-get items here.
Very melts, but it still gets a five in my book. The tin roof sundae is great!
Awesome awesome little store. Owners and staff are friendly. Great Japanese candies and sweets.
Priscilla not only gave me a great cut but she is a lovely lady also. I found her on Yelp.
One of my favorite lunch restaurants. Sitting on the lake, great wine and food. Merci bou qu.
Buyers be cautious.  Budget Blinds = Budget Service in Denver NC.  Terrible consumer experience.
Full name is Drinkerie Ste.Cun gonde!  Love this bar! Friendly staff and great drinks!  Yager bombs!
Avoid this place at all cost, food is mediocre, service even worse
Try the AMAZING mini cheese cakes!!!....Crumbles are really good as well!
Wow it's Real Thai food in Vegas  spicy and heavy side !!!!!!  Delicious and fulfill I must be back
The customer service is awful and products are very few and grossly over priced.
This place is incredibly good. Make sure to get the Diavolo pizza!
O.   M.  G.   I'm moving to Vegas! :D
Nice addition to Parkdale. Enjoy the food and a great location.
Another great service experience with Chapman Hyundai Scottsdale.  Lisa is just fantastic.
Great, quick service and good car selection. Alamo is always the way to go.
Speedy arrival, quick service, easy payment...how much more can one ask?
Pretty good food. Breakfast is great too. Sometimes the service is lackluster, but overall ok.
You will never leave here hungry!  Such generous portions and great prices!
Excellent food and courteous staff. A little tough to get in which only proves how good it is!
Manager sucked and food was worst.. If you aren't a regular they don't care about you
Awesome place! Ambiance is super cozy with live music playing. Food was bursting with flavor.
Excellent food for reasonable price. We stayed here for three days and got bogo for buffet. Love it.
I just had my first taste of kangaroo there. The meat is very dry by its own nature.
The very best fish sandwich in the country! It hangs out almost a foot outside the bun!
My go to for a Cuban caffeine  fix and Latin comfort food.   The Cuban Sandwiched are just right!!!
The staff in the back are great there are hidden adult fees be careful.
Love this place, they have the best cheese calzone. It's usually very busy so I preorder takeout.
Delish place with yummy fish and chips and great vibe and music. Definitely recommend!
Van does my nails and always does a great job. Also a good location. I would highly recommend.
Vicky and Julie took care of my wife and I,  great experience and pedicure.   Good conversation
Good portion to price ratio.  The quality is there as well. The restaurant is neat and tidy.
Unbelievable.  Everything is amazing but the hot cakes will be the best you've had.  End of story.
Dr Brooks thank you so much for going above and beyond!!  You always bring comfort to any situation!
Very nice coffee place. Great oatmeal raisin cookies
I love this place! Great seasonal pics and delicious you're around options. Try the falafel!
The store is huge & has a great selection.  The biggest problem is that most of it's made in China.
Excellent food great service always is a pleasure to dine there
They have a huge choice for desserts. Perfect place for a nice cup of coffee and dessert.
Awesome place! Great for lunch or a casual dinner.  One of my favorite eats while I'm in Vegas.
Great coffee! Owners are very friendly, comfy couches/good atmosphere, and good prices!
Food is pretty good. Always consistent.very fast service but the servers are not too friendly.
I visited this location twice yesterday. Both times they were "out" of something I wanted.
The people are very sweet to communicate with! I would love to do business with them in the future:)
Garlic fries are to die for. Alot of food for the money. Will defiantly be coming back.
Refreshing variety. Great place for brunch. Food is creative and delicious. Service is great.
Great food and a very wide selection of items on the menu. Go early they get real busy around 9 am.
MOMO is the spot for some great sushi! Get the Irish role!! Anything you get, will be awesome!
Worst. Place. Ever! Do not come here! You will be disappointed. They half-ass everything.
Amazing Indian cuisine with exquisite and prompt service. I come often and am never disappointed.
Hidden gem exposed busy coworkers at new company now go every week. Great sauces and salsa.
Great quality services...and for a $35 mani/pedi combo, you just can't beat that value!
Green chile burritos are legit!!! Red chile burritos good also. I just prefer green.
This was a great place but this location is closed and has re-opened in Desert Ridge.
Solid, decent prices, nothing to write home about.
Another pizzeria in town? From now on this is my only pizzeria! Great place
First time diner, chicken vindaloo a real scorcher. Loved it.
Poor service and overpriced.  Food was undercooked and staff were unfriendly. What a waste of money!
Tanner was an excellent server and the Chimichanga's were very good.
I love this place!! They always treat my kids great. The staff and Dr. Bui is awesome.
What a wonderful place to have a hearty breakfast.  Best diner coffee I've ever had!
Disgusting food, very rude people. Unbelievable!
Great delivery time, short wait time for pick up.  Food is always great and as ordered.
Stopped in for some fish. Went wash my hands Restrooms filthy no toilet paper, no paper towels.
Good Food, great atmosphere!!!  Service was exceptional and our party had a blast!!!
I like it here, limited selection, but an open air mall around it makes it nice.
This is place is soo good! Best breakfast place in town!  Their bread in a pot is to die for!
Get some grub. They do get busy at times. Feel a part of the family and fill you stomachs. Nuff sed!
Jeff did an awesome job on my motorcycle.  Saved me thousands in repairs.   Bike runs great.
great place. quirkiest and nerdiest restaurant in kent. take the whole family.
Its a nice place for lunch food was good...only problem not enough rice..
My favorite bakery. I usually do not like deserts. Amelie's has my true love of desert there.
I drive a bit to visit, but it's worth it. Such a nice warm team. Always helpful and professional.
This place is great fast and they fixed my tire and rotated my tires for free can't beat that.
The associates are always friendly and good store, will definitely going back to this store
Love this place and the service. They never disappoint. Ramen is top notch, perfect for the winter.
Great food! Family friendly and service was awesome! Get off the strip and come here!
This is such a great place to travel back in time and learn Ancient Kung fu from real Masters.
Gel Nail polish and acrylic came off very next day on a service over $100. Not going back.
Horrible customer service had to leave, would not accommodate us. Will never come again!!!
amazing food, EXTRAORDINARY service. Very impressed!!! Will definitely go back again and again.
Super Awesome place for food!!!!!! The different fish tacos varieties make love to my taste buds!!!!
Good  Food with Excellent Service. Very happy to have this addition in Centennial Hills.
Great food, friendly atmosphere, way better than the place next door...prices good..salsa amazing
Absolutely fantastic! As good as it gets, I am totally and completely addicted. Will be a regular.
Gabriel came out promptly and fixed a lock that had been sticking for years. Excellent service!
great place get the order right 95% of the time. nice people.   only downfall so busy sometimes
Great service. Great atmosphere. Really good breakfast and sandwiches. Best bang for your buck!
Probably the best sweet potatoes fries I've ever had! Mmmm... and Wheat the F beer is very tasty!
Really tasty food at a good price.  Service is relatively quick too!
My grandma would always take me here as a kid such great memories full of love and icecream
Closest Pizza to Chicago that I could find!!!!! Liked it a lot! Service was fantastic!
Not worth it at all terrible food and over price you bettter of at Ihop won't be back anytime soon
Great customer service, I will be coming back to this pizza hut. The food was also delicious :-)
Excellent food.  Extremely clean.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  Really good atmosphere.
Yummy local joint, and they have froyo for your dog! They should make a take away one for your cats.
Super nice and super fast! Got my jeep open and saved the day! Would highly recommend them!!!
Great happy hour with a large selection and variety to choose from. Good drink specials too.
The guy who work here and do the manicure was mean. He doesn't know how to do his job.
Uncle willys chicken is mind blasting!  Just make sure they have it before you go.
OMG! Everything was sooooo good.  I highly recommend the baked cod  and steamed mussels.
Visited this club last weekend and it was EPIC! Great club and great host (Eric Yano)!
To the bouncer that patiently let me drunkenly yap at you for ten minutes-you the real MVP.
Tasty Chicago-style pizza, great and affordable lunch specials!
Great food at a great price! Fresh hot chips, delicious salsa. I'll be back for more.
Really enjoyed eating here today. My server (Monica) was very polite and food was great.
Tommy's makes the best yummy vegetarian munchies for some sweet tummy lovin' good times.
Food and Wine were excellent as always will return again very soon. The veal was fantastic.
I actually flew to Calgary from Los Angeles to eat here.   Always amazing
Unlimited sushi was pretty good , service was great - especially for a party of 12 people.
Great experience with Sam et al.  Professional, courteous and knowledgeable.  All you can ask for.
Waited 8 minutes. Wasn't acknowledged, only customer in line. Turned around and left.
Friendly service legit tacos. trust me i was raised in California. Very busy is always a good sign.
LOVE their Tortilla soup! Great service. Couldn't have been better :)
Simple and bomb food. Nice little nook in the wall, great to chill and enjoy pizza.
The guys here are very nice and didn't try to blow smoke up my ass!! Great job!!
Awesome patio, plenty of space and great menu. Love the happy hour here and the atmosphere!
Food is good customer service is horrible so much so I don't want to go there anymore.
Jamila was the best! Took the time to get what I really wanted! Totally recommend her to everyone!
Delicious chicken and brown sauce as well as the soup and egg roll!
The Tamales are amazing !! The green chili and cheese are my favorite , great food all around .
Super good food with good prices. We had jerk chicken with rice and salad. Definitely recommended.
No longer "Gracious Nails." Owner sold salon to another company. Now "Liz Nails."
Stay away there sushi is the worst ever they fool you with their prices frozen food not good
The food was great . Price is right. Warm atmosphere.chicken butter was my favorite dish.
What a great Pizza joint! Will be coming back for sure. Great service and my pie was amazing!!!!
The service was really good! And soy garlic chicken was awesome.  Definitely will be back soon
There's nothing to say. It's Chicago Style pizza in Phoenix. I have died and gone to pizza heaven!
Good food, great service!!! Great, homemade food and quaint dining.  Server was a sweetheart!!
Great work and great people. Did an excellent job on my truck and they were all super friendly.
Cherry Lash lounge is amazing!  Everyone is professional and exceptionally talented!
I really enjoyed this restaurant. The food was delicious! Authentic Chinese.
Good service!!! The fish were fresh!!'  Most importantly, fast!!! Definitely will come back!
C'est l'endroit ou aller
Had the white pizza and it was heaven! super thin and floppy just how I like it....yum!
LOVE LOVE LOVE it here!  Great Trio appetizers and great location!  Perfectly priced menu!!!!
This place is so good that I'm starting to use it as a benchmark for other places we eat at!!
Best place in Sun Prairie. Good balanced variety. More expensive too but worth it.
Great ramen.  Simple with a full body broth.  Probably one of my favorite ramen shops, period.
Sale sale sale! Quality and nice clean atmosphere with friendly staff! What else do you need?
Great hip spot in the heart of everything on King St. - try the lamb shoulder - it's amazing.
Very helpful from starting my business to guiding me every step for all of my tax concerns.
Absolutely love this place, it's our date night spot!!!
I love tgis cleaners, always on te. They have same day service. I will reccomend this place .
Great old-school donut shop with delicious donuts.  The even still tie up the boxes.
Had a great time at my first class! Really loved the teacher and the attention she gave to me!
Very good food 1st time there I will come back. The manager David was very attentive to us
This place always has awesome deals and the service is nice Luis helped me and he was very helpful
I wore something, wasn't happy, took it back for full refund.  Love this store!
Good place with good mexican food - 5.00 brews - pleasant staff-few other options at Lake Las Vegas
A lot of chit-chat, very little action, EXPENSIVE! I am Under-whelmed. Will not be back.
Great Food, cool spot, great coffee... What else do you need? The thick cut bacon was amazing!
Joey was great, he showed up quickly, worked very efficiently, and knew what he was doing!
So far the service is stinking... Food is just OK
Walk-in  ok 
Love this place! I got a Sushi burrito and it was the best. The have the best service as well.
Very good food, service. Wraps, plates, falafel are all great. Great taste and big sizes.
Original does not do it justice.  Unique!  Impressive.  Must be experienced to be appreciated.
Great service, always kept in contact. Would purchase another iJoy product after this
This place is OK. David is a chill dude; he'll take care of you. Solid hookah recommendation.
Quick speedy shoe repair. Very nice and made my shoes brand new again! :) thanks again!
Felt like I was back in Detroit!  Great food, great service!  Expand to South Mountain!
Try the burrito! This is the best Mexican food I've had in OH.
Clean, well-equiped, friendly staff, not crowded...perfect!
All you can eat, good quality sushi for $27.00? Look no further than Goyemon sushi.
I LOVE this place and eat here often. It is delicious and affordable. I love how clean it is.
Excellent Automotive, Quality all the way. Thanks Scott and Brent. Try it, you'll like it..
$7.77 for smog check! Sweet! Always a pleasure coming here.  Great staff and knowledgeable techs.
Wonderful food and exceptional service. The spinach salad is a must have! Love the cozy ambiance.
Black garlic oil ramen is the only thing I want when I'm sick. It brings me back to life!
Delicious food, friendly service and all thou can drink mimosas! Can't go wrong here.
Did not like, Know flavor to me on their food, clean inside restaurant, lots of workers
My family ate here over weekend. It was nice refreshing food. Everything tasted fresh. Really good.
Chicken fingers are good...but the sauce is amazing!!  Toast was pretty stinkin good too!
Great service. Friendly. Happy this one opened - a lot closer.
Very fresh and very yummy!! They can customize the rolls too. Definitely coming back!!!
Excellent customer service! Thanks to Kayla; very knowledgeable and courteous! Highly recommend!
Food was okay......service was pretty good for buffet.....the concept is very cool
My FAVORITEEEEEEEE!!!!  BEST margaritas (on the rocks...without salt!) and the food is amazing :)
Best coney and cheese fries I've ever had!! Fries are made from fresh potatoes.   Excellent service!
5star for sure! The manager Chris is awesome and offers top notch customer service. Good stuff.
Awesome staff!!  Selection amazing and very clean!  Most affordable yogurt place in its class.
Amazing bbq and our waiter was superb.  I highly recommend the brisket it was the best.
Excellent food for the price.  The delivery area covers a wide area. We love it!
Good f**kin tonkotsu ramen, nuff said. Go try!!!
Yummy lattes, gluten-free options, wifi...i am in love...
Their chopped salad is my absolute favorite!! Delicious!
Delicious food! Friendly staff! Great experience all around! The sesame chicken was amazing! A+++
Lobster Spaghetti rocks. Perfectly cooked lobster over spaghetti. Impressive dish- love it!
Staff is very knowledgeable and helpful in trying to get you exactly what you are looking for.
Do not go later at night. Waited 30 mins and food was cold and wrong. Poor service poor food
Great place for Sunday Brunch. Great new owners that really care about their food.
Awesome new spot in East York, delivery was great.
Fantastic and romantic. Great views of the city. If it wasn't so expensive I'd eat there more often.
The best Italian food I've ever had to date! Great service and the price was so reasonable!
Favorite hangout spot. I'm critical of the food temp here but that's about  it. Nice when slow.
Best Hawaiian food I've  ever had. I travel 30 miles to come here no where else compares.
Very good food, fresh. Not many places to sit and eat inside (especially during the lunch rush).
Fast and friendly service. Definitely the kind of place I enjoy supporting.
Pretty good, waited a long time for our food and not much space to sit but food was great
Stumbled upon this gem.   Food and service was superior.  A definite come back cafe!!!
Best sports bar in old town. People actually go here to drink and watch sports. Check it out!
My family has been coming here for years this is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Vegas by far
These guys sponsor all of our races! We absolutely love them! Great customer service!
This place is worth your time and the garlic hummus is mmm mmm good.
Went to AT&T today at AZ Mills and had great service Jarome M. helped us and he was awesome!
Absolutely real Italian pizza. Love the Tuscany taste. It's our new go to pizza place in Lakewood.
My son loves it here!
Beautiful place to enjoy a sunset dinner-makes you forget you are in the desert!
The vegetarian pizza was amazing.  We had a 14" pizza with a beautifully small price tag.  Yum!
Amazing arely is the best I felt as a valued vip customer they were sweet and nice ...
Lunch yesterday.  The food was good. Yes!! But the lobster sandwich the bread was not toasted.
Just now  Long line to the door, one person at the counter. Totally under staffed at a peak time.
Amazing pizza! I absolutely love coming here to order their monstrous sized pizzas for a low price.
Amazing food! Very authentic. The wings were bomb! Good portions, good price. Definitely going back
Great friendly service! Just had 4 tires put in  and replaced 2 filters. Took about 1.5hrs.
AMAZING, food is really good and priced fair for the portions. A hidden gem at downtown Las Vegas.
Love to stop by for a taste of Heaven!  It is worth the parallel parking on some occasion!  Ha ha
Love this place! Healthy and tasty salads and quinoa bowls. Try their raspberry hibiscus tea.
They have an award winning dish: chicken biryani.  Friendly owner.  authentic of course.
Yes!!!!!!     Great service! Great Food! Love the BYOB!!! ($5).
I got white paint on my suit after the dry clean. They should be careful about what they are doing.
Great neighborhood joint, Im just sorry we didn't know it was there sooner.
Great work every time we go. Reasonable rates and super nice staff all the way around! Reliable too.
Don't know what was in the food, but I had THE worst stomach issues after eating here.
Amazing food and service. Does get busy on Friday and Saturday nights but totally worth the wait!!
I recommend the pork belly, but not the gnocchi.  They have an amazing selection of drinks.
VERY good cup of coffee! Pour over was simple and top notch and I'm a coffee snob from downtown Phx.
Absolutely stunning community! Great amenities, amazing office staff and great location!
They are now closed. So much for my 3 years of yearly tune ups for purchasing a bicycle there.
The food is great. Just come before you're hungry cause the seating service is super slow.
The worst pizza i ever had. Better off eating at gas station than at this pizza place.
I didn't have a long wait, and all went smoothly.  The staff was friendly and efficient.
I love everything about this place, the locations in Noda & Rock Hill are my favorite.
Delicious! A tad pricey for mexican, but it is high quality food.
Bomb sushi. Always busy, so get there early. Ecstasy, Lemon and Spider roll are the favs!
It's an a nice casino with some great shows to watch and one of the main venues for the WSOP
Yummmmm! Everything was tasty, the koolaid took me back! Wish we had saved room for red velvet cake!
Wanted a new hair cut after just moving here and didnt know where to go Selena did a great job!
Excellent menu and friendly staff.amazing beer and wine list. Casual but classiest joint in town.
Super chill on buying a car.. Easy and fast with out the bull.. Go see Randy Brooks!!!!
Nice little go to for wings and fries. The choice for sauces were excellent. Affordable and filling.
Great place by the Arena. We had the Pittsburgh Mac and the Arugula salad. Both were great.
awesome BBQ! We visited for the first time last Saturday. My only issue was the dine in area.
Great selection of cheese and some very nice wines. Go when they are serving raclette. It's awesome!
Shannon was amazing! Great atmosphere and she was great to talk to. Definitely coming back:)
HUGE sandwiches. Great value -- can't beat the price $3.99 for 1 foot!
Friendly staff, good food selection for a pool bar/restaurant, and a good view. What's not to like?
Excellent place! Love the gluten free, vegan cupcakes. I will always order from here.
Good service and great tacos not here often but when I am I come to this place for happy hour!
Many options here! check out their website.
Best Stuffed pizza in Phoenix hands down. Way better then their competition on Camelback
First time. Very good food. Like to see that this type of restaurant in NW that is doing good food..
Awesome. Went there for breakfast. Their chicken enchiladas and jalape o bene were amazing.
They charged me wrong and forgot my order. Very unprofessional staff.
black list. If you want to wait for your meals like forever then fine. Food is American style.
Super cute place to come and study or just relax, good drinks and pastries! A bit pricey though!
Good, Consistent sushi - quick, convenient and their tuna is always fresh. Big recommend!
One of the best blowouts I've ever had. Wine and great hair? Yes! A hidden gem for sure :)
Litchfield and I-10 best Denny's in the valley. The staff there have their A game on all the time.
good sushi, good location for student. U can have free deserts when u write yalp . Place not small
Fantastic view. Amicble servers.  Great and delicate food. Reasonably priced tasting menu
Best bahn mi in the valley! The staff is super nice and the service is fast. Yummy boba teas too.
Great value sub sandwiches!! Love going here with a sweet location.
Just ok. Don't know what all the fuss is about. Definitely had better, but not terrible.
I'm here on Monday at 7:39 pm and they are closed?! WTF?!  Hours are supposed to be noon - 8 pm .
Local florist with beautiful flowers and friendly helpful staff. I won't go anywhere else!
Nice place for my 1st time. I loved the battered chicken tenders and margaritas for the happy hour
Good enough Quick take out Kids love it Very convenient  Good constant quality and service.
We live the pre-fix menu for its great value and selection
Best in town. Beautiful attention to detail. Salon is immaculate.  Technicians are great.
I was visiting from Miami and decided to try Pamela's. The crepe hotcakes are outstanding. Must try!
happy hour every freaking day until 9 pm  yeeeeeaaaahhh!!!
So overrated. Small and the most popular food vendors are not that tasty. Skip this place.
Great home cooking. Best French toast that's served with crispy bacon. Desserts as big as a meal.
Friendly staff Great speedy service
Beautiful paintings. Must see for any age. Its a good location for window shopping.
I had the roasted veggies w/goat's cheese panini. It was great!
Had lunch today & it was great. Will drop by again. Chicken with avocado was delicious.
Expensive and not very good don't waste your time or your money go to noodles and company
I always have great service to match the amazing menu. The damn good roll is worth every penny!
The owner is very nice and the sandwiches are on point ! This place is has amazing sandwiches!
Keith was very nice and very informative about the products . I recommend this company to everybody.
Good sushi and great service. A bit pricey but will return because of the quality sushi and service
Had the pbj burger! It was so good glad I took the chance and tried something daring!
The Sea Bass was great! Eric, my waiter was very attentive and knew his wine list. Cool place!
Great food! Fantastic seafood...service is a little hit and miss or i would give then 5 stars
Cocktails, Dim Sum and main courses were all excellent! Desert was a ok. Would like to go back soon!
Service was slow, and low sanitation rating-90.0. Food was decent, but most likely will not be back.
Excellente p tisserie, et tr s belle place. Surtout ne changez rien.
Great food.. Excellent Biryani, chicken tikka and Naan & chicken 65.  Good customer service.
Ken is great! He's professional, knowledgeable, and courteous! His service is highly recommended!
I greatly appreciate the excellent service I received today.    Thank you for my beautiful nails ..
So much fun! Staff was super fun & friendly. Music was good. Diverse crowd. Will def be back!
Nice and clean place , plus delicious food and really big plates i recomend this place 100%
very nice place to do laundry gamble and eat a hot dog
Have the bbq sauce I've ever tasted.. It should be bottled and sold.. Definitely will be back
Great sushi. They give you a good portion and it's always buy one get one half off.  Cant beat that!
i have no heat until Wednesday. Owner is not willing to do anything about it. Enough said.
The best pizza in town and open late! Try the BBQ chicken pizza. You will not be disappointed!
Amazing! Great food Great service!! Ham steak is biggest in the world  Delicious delicious delicious
It was not the hype I was hearing.  I had much much better in DC area.
Delivery service is awesome! Fast, hot and fresh! Customer service and food is great!  Recommended.
It was ok. Expensive compared I other places. Average Food &  took a long time at the bar.
Very nice staff and very good food. We were very impressed with the service and highly recommend it.
I always go there for the eggplant parmesan! Very tasty. Nice and attentive service is a plus.
Great customer service came here from out of town and she gave me and my daughter a free week!
The best tacos I've ever had (vegetarian), and quite possibly the best mojito as well, I'll be back!
Patrice is the best.  I would highly recommend Ulta's Brow Bar.  Never been disappointed.
Chicken was fresh and juicy!  Have been bk several times! Just wish the sides were bigger
the casino is fun - service is good - wish the tables gave me more money! haha
Damn good burger, especially if you're nursing a hangover! Huge portions, great food!
I'm glad you're on uber eats! Healthy option and good tasting chicken and carne asada!
Love the bread. The Chia Flax and Cape Cod are current favourites.
Our family loves this little store/deli.
Pretty decent Thai food. I always just go for pickup, food is ready quick and it's delicious
Check this new company out! They cut to size, no minimum order. No attitudes. Great prices.
Not a great Best Buy, but the camera section is usually on point.
Service is great. Food is good. Super fun vibe. Good value. Ballet parking is a plus.
Quality sushi, fun ambiance, and the chefs there are a blast to talk with. Definitely worth a visit.
Poor customer service. Mediocre coffee probably because of poor customer service.
Cool roof top, hang out....  Awesome view, pool, good prices.
Pretty good pizza, we had the bq chix pizza. Not too pricey, but the pizzas are kind of small.
This is the best place to find unique gifts and shop local!
Very crowded. Slow service. Got my order wrong, but constant companions right. Nothing stellar.
The worst service I have every had. Over 30 min for a beer. Will not return to this hooters.
Come on its Dairy Queen! Strawberry Banana Julius all the way! with 2 for $5 jumbo hot dogs!
I enjoyed every dish with Futari for 2.  Hubby loved the nigiri and the sake.
My favourite go to place in Kensington! Great prices, great food. Staff are kind, thank you!
Yummy pizza , big tasty chicken wings . Quick delivery and reasonable prices . Thank you
Rude staff. Mediocre donuts. Definitely nothing to brag about. I've had better donuts from QT.
Great place for tapas, food is great and so is the service.  Came for a snack and left satisfied
Decent if you've never been to Shanghai.  Food tastes alright but not authentic.
bleh.....bland as all hell....even being super cheap was still a waste of $
Great restaurant, friendly stuff.... did I say the food was Yummy ... perfect
Great service and friendly staff. Would definitely come back again for my regular mani pedi
Food was not good.  Service was good. Not impressed. Tequilas on Hudson much better food
Authentic Tortas and tacos. Fresh tortillas. Salsa and lime bar. Tell me what's wrong here? Nothing.
First time!! Great food and service! Atmosphere is lovely! BYOW makes it even better:)
Very good Manchuria food. Ordered curry beef noodle to eat and some other dishes to go. Fabulous!
Horrible service and food can't believe this place is still open
Breakfast until 4pm. Hooray. Great menu, great service, great happy hour.
I always have a good experience and the food is great. The carne asada burrito ie my favorite.
Best Pho I have ever had!  Very generous serving of beef in it too.  Place is very clean.
Yummy cinnamon rolls, apple pastries, and delicious coffee!
Best burgers in Arizona! Can't go wrong with the jalepeno popper burger with a pretzel bun
This place does have pretty good burgers...i would even say i like them better than smash burger :-)
Nice romantic dinner with a great view. The risotto was excellent as well as the scallops.
Very good place. Definitely exceeded my expectations. Will be going there more frequent!
Wonderful place, service, food and a huge variety of wines! What more could anyone ask for!
The first place my wife and I stop when we get PHX. Excellent as always with great employees!!
Best healthy Asian food I found in Vegas! CONSISTENTLY GOOD! Food taste fresh and great!
Good environment and service, great price for the food being served, free WiFi too. Pretty plating.
Been a regular for 3 years and the music service is amazing.  My local   THIS IS PARADISE
Recommend for dessert. The egg sandwiches on baguette are fabulous!
Love this place- by far my favorite casino on the strip. Middle of everything. Great shops.
Short business valentines weekend  Staff and room where six stars  The best in Pittsburg
Go to use their cool bathroom tents.  Stay to have their air-fried spinach.
Such a great place. Free veggies and ranch for kids, awesome pizza, and the best growler deals ever!
One of the best donkatsu I've ever had. Service is friendly and fast. Small menu, but delicious food
Very clean, Good Coffee and free wi-fi
Great little sandwich shop. Simple selection, but all incredibly good. Will be back for more.
This is a Starbucks. It's like all the other Starbucks.
Very good variety and high quality of food. Staff was attentive without being overbearing.
 .
Taste as good as when I was living in Korea. I went back 3 times in one week for takeout.
Love this place. Always smells good and great service. Seems like they always have deals going on.
There isnt a better mechanic in the area.  Dan is the man!
Excellent menu, great quality food and prepared to perfection. My favorite burger joint.
Great spot for lunch !!! They give you lots of food for just $10 !!! Food taste yummy ;)
Wonderful Lobster rolls and the tacos where excellent.  The best food court food I have ever had.
It was a very good burger! The vanilla shake was just ok. Great waffle fries.
It's always a lot better when I get good service and food, thank you mike and anthony
Great service and great food. Love the ziosk for fast check out.
Had the maple dream and it was great. Walked in the rain to find this place. Totally worth it.
I love the yummy food and just up the street from were I live everyone is so friendly and very kind
Had a mix up with the wrong order came in tje next day and they took care of everything. Thank you!
Does a great job, priced right.  AND he's a really nice guy.  Paints full time.
Buenos tacos a un precio accesible los tacos  rabes est n muy buenos y la torta de pastor con queso
Can't believe the owner charge 75 cents for very small cup ketchup. I'll go look other restaurants.
Food is always good & hot. Delivery is punctual. .I rarely order from any other chinese place.
Food came out in 10 mins, nothing was fresh. Bread is cold & stale. VERY disappointing.
They got the job done with no major damage. Wouldn't necessarily choose this mover again.
Amazing!!! Tim Smith is awesome and his photo booth was a perfect addition to our party.
Love their juices, soups, and wraps! I'll be a frequent visitor for juices & smoothies!
Keep up the good work. Went there today. Fast and friendly service. As well as fresh food.
Had a great turkey, tomato, and brie sandwich, and a delicious cup of spicy roasted red pepper soup.
Love this place! Owners are awesome people. Love the cozy seating & cookies & teas are delicious!!
Pretty loud, but amazing beer selection. Good food as well.
They prices they charge is more than what's posted on menu board.  That's illegal I think.
I love this place! They have the best sushi rolls, fabulous service and great pricing.
Honest, reliable, great people. No need to say more.
This 5-stars recommendations is given from an Shanghainese. Go to try the food I attached.
Service great parking good location. Serve all my business needs when I am traveling.
My wait time was less than 10 minutes. The guy at the pharmacy was very friendly and helpful.
By far the best buffet I've been to in Vegas.
Just had a delicious mango, coconut butter smoothie. Happy to find this little Healthy gem.
Yum!! Other positive reviewers have it covered.  Delicious fresh ingredients. Clean and friendly.
Wonderful place for our babes !!!!!! great staff Very knowledge  and  great  customer service.
Maciel is amazing!!! She always gives me exactly what I ask for and exceeds my expectations!!!
My favorite place for roll tacos !! Been coming here for 2 years every time I stop in town. Love it
Great atmosphere, drinks were good, food was great, bartender was really nice.
Highly recommend Dr. Riley. He's very knowledgeable, listens well, and is empathetic. Great doctor.
My baby turned me on to this place.  I love it so much. Such a good place to eat
Wanna fit in this GYM? Wear the douchie combination of tattoos and a pair of Beats headphones.
I love this place.  It's my go to spot! Great employees and owners!
Good seating area  ! Great comics ! Waitresses were also on good timing
Wish they had a bracelet that you could pay at purchase of tickets that included rides.
Horrible food , horrible service . Don't even think of going there. OVERRATED.
Good boat selections.  They provide a few cold appetizers plates as part of your meal.
Extreamly overpriced! Food was average at best and took forever to get drink refills.
Our guide, Bette, was wonderful. Great photo ops, and learned a lot about Vegas history.
The food is excellent. I love the chicken pad Thai. They never disappoint.
Crab legs, bone marrow, pork belly, prime rib, leg of lamb.... :D :D :D
Yum yum yummy Italian steak cheese sandwich is absolutely delicious! Affordable price
Wonderful service! Fast and friendly! :-)  I didn't have to buy a new phone! Yay!
Great atmosphere where everyone is welcome. Trinkets are a plus too. Always a fun time
First time ever eating here. BOMB.COM this food is AMAZING. Staff is super friendly as well!
Good place for variety pizza
Consistent food and service. My go to spot. Their brisket served in anyway won't disappoint! Yum!
Very friendly and attentive staff. Had French toast combo that was great! Pot of bread was tasty!
Really good gluten free bagels- which is seriously tricky to find! Plus the coffee is great!
My favorite theater in Vegas! No problems,  great customer service and good movie selection.
Isaac attention to detail is amazing . Everything about my new ink exceeds my expectations
Fast service, great food & Service. Always outstanding. Prices are also more than reasonable.
Great chicken fingers!  Love the sweet tea and Texas toast. Limited menu but worth the drive.
Love this place. You gotta check it out for yourself! Trust me, you will not be disappointed.
3.5 STARS. Decent food. Nice atmosphere. Good people. This is a 'B Back.'
Shrimp scampi was not very good.  The sauce was too watery and the overall dish was bland.
LOVE NACHO DADDY! Friendly staff, fast service yummy food & amazing french press coffee!!
Good place for food the workers just have no respect always wanna talk back they always Ina rush
Great and friendly! Also asks for an ID with credit card!! I appreciate that a lot!! I'm koma toast!
Beware possible credit card scammer working here!!! Make sure you see where your card is swiped.
The staff(mike) in the auto body shop is rude and has no customer service skills
This place has been so much better since Haunah S has stopped coming. Best bartenders ever.
It is very clean, new interior, and the staff is extremely helpful. There is no AC, only heater.
Lots of gluten-free options and awesome cr me br l e (also gluten-free).
Smothered Chicken is the bomb.  Reminded me of my Grandmothers.  Will be back soon
Love this place! The bbq roll is amazing and that Salsa Dancing Girl roll...  so delicious.
Place is very busy on weekends, plenty of burger selections and very good GF selection.
I love the Oreo Cheesecake!  Very yummy and hits the spot!  Also Japanese wings are wicked
Even though specific orders are placed doesn't mean you will get your food the way you ordered it.
My favorite buffet EVER!!! I've been dreaming about this buffet even back to LA.
Was awesome night.  the food was great, the views spectacular and the staf were great.
This is one of my favorites for breakfast.  Try the corned beef, if you haven't already.
Fantastic ice cream. Fantastic service. Supports good causes. Nothing else needs to be said!
Excellent food and service!   We so appreciate the quality!  Thank you Brian for being so attentive!
Great service and very friendly staff . Cheap and clean equipment and free rim wash is a bonus.
The greatest pizza I have ever tasted in my life!!!! The long ass line was worth the wait!
It's very interesting on the inside with all of the pink.  Ice cream was good and cheap
Get your morbid on! Great Halloween theme, drinks are like shitty candy.
MVB keepin this Lady Faded n Fresh,  Picture Perfect every time! You won't be disappointed.
Great burger. Great price Found this place from a online review ( not yelp ). Burger worth the wait.
The name says it all. Swordfish taco's were flavorful. Staff attentive. A must return to try more.
Ate there for first time,.and had the runs all night, dont think i will go back, titos revenge!!
First time here..horrible service, horrible dj...don't waste your time and just stick to the strip.
Friendly staff (Annadine your great) and real results! I look forward to every treatment.
Get the Whataburger as is and the onion rings are a little sweet but good.
Overcooked chicken with no flavor, but it's fast food so what do you expect?
Awesome cheese crisp and cool atmosphere very good authentic Mexican food margaritas on point
Good Food. Will come back again! Had the punjab cheeseburger with tandoori bacon A+  Can comfirm !
Best lunch I've ever had. Loved our cocktails and the fish tacos were like biting into heaven!!!
Awesome healthy food great people great atmosphere! Helping me get started right eating healthy!
We walked in and the smell was so toxic we couldn't breathe. Ended up leaving to find another salon.
good place to have a beer and play some Keno....
Solid bar food, darts and shuffle board. If they had some more big screens it would be a 4 star.
Great food & awesome service! There are so many tasty choices! Definitely will be coming back!
Love this place, they always do excellent frame work no matter what city or state you are in!
Oh my Goodness, absolutely excellent food and service! Our waitress Nicole really knew her stuff!
Just WoW That is all I have to say. That was all I have to say. The food was fast and delicious.
A great expenditure of calories! And Calgary's best coffee, better than Starbucks.
I love the nachos ! The food and  service is always great and it is such a Fun environment to be in.
Love the chips and queso! Takes me back home to Texas. Nothing out here in Vegas even close to it!!
Very good haircuts. I've been going here for years. Good prices too and friendly staff.
Good food. Horrible coffee. Service ok.
Best pet store in the area.  Friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff.
Their build your sandwich is surprisingly very delicious!  Delightful little spot, do check it out.
More traditional sushi than what you would find at RA.  Not the best, but far from the worst.
20x odd on craps. Only three tables available. Two were open. Def worth coming just to play .
Food was OK.  Place is pretty dingy.  8 bucks is way too much for a hotdog and a coke!
I like the chicken wings and the onion rings in hamburger. Haha.
Delicious! Best Roti you'll find in the west end!
Cool trendy place to chill and enjoy great coffee. Definitely need more places like this in Vegas.
Enjoyed what initially seemed like an unusual menu. Very delicious grilled romaine salad and pizza
Don't miss the avocado toast!  I love the red blankets.
A great salon! They provide top quality services every time.
Awesome breakfast by a local owner!! The French toast is amazing! Portions are huge so go hungry!!
Great food. Great service. Awesome corned beef.
Great healthy food in casual environment
Grea Beers Great Cocktails Bartenders are attentive and the Food is awesome  Great expierence
Big fan of Soho. Good work, good prices.
very good food, share with a friend because the portions are big!!
Can't go wrong with the Lunch Special. Chicken Noodles and Thai fried rice are favorites.
Went there to dine-in on a Friday around 7pm. Service was excellent and pizza was delicious.
wah wah. It was ok, not incredible. Next time we'll walk a little further to Nan and Bryon's.
5/5 for stock. They're crammed-full of loot. 1/5 for obnoxious heckling about their closing time.
Danny was cool af   great customer service and food was bomb
This is our second time here. Love the food. And the service. We're going to come back soon.
Ceaser's salad was super salty, pasta and shrimp dish had no taste. Huge portions, no taste.
Oh man these pies are so good. Got blueberry lemon and lemon meringue, no disappointment here!
Delicious food, great atmosphere, friendly and helpful service...all around perfect brunch!
Great place for small plates in Vegas.  Fish was huge as main course.  Bit salty but really good.
Nice breakfast and Sangria. Good place for waiting your flight. Reasonable prices and good service.
Great food, casual atomosphere and cool location.
Delicious tan tan ramen. Like extra spicy. Had Shelly temple!!? Pretty decent Nice servers!!!
Best, most authentic and creative sushi in Toronto. Also made by a real sushi master from Japan.
I love their reclining seats and their affordable ticket prices. They're the best around town.
Very good food and good service. Extensive kids menu as well.
Good food but very expensive bring the bank truck meatball sub , steak/cheddar are  very good subs
Omg I'm so excited about this little place...I wasn't expecting every thing to taste so yummy!
Delish!  Big variety and their salted caramel brownie is awesome! Deff would come here again
A cozy mom and son shop with delicious, simple diner food.
The mens toilet did not flush and was full to the brim. Tough goin
It's a great place to grab a bite to eat and watch the game. Nice staff and great food variety
Hands down, this is the best Indian food in Pittsburgh.
Was pleasantly surprised! The chicken noodle soup was definitely worthy of five stars.
This place is amazing! The service is great and the food is fresh and well prepared.,
Good food....sorry but I love Nirvana II more
Trying this place out my girl lives the food here, place is very clean and food smells bomb
Food was spicy even it said to be mild. But the curry tasted very good. Nan was soft and warm!
I found hair in my food before and the place is unsanitary the few times I've been there.
Absolutely delicious!! Waffles are amazing. It's tiny but it doesn't matter its a real treat
I enjoyed the location in Dana Park more. I had the chicken green curry here and it was so runny.
Slow service but food is always worth the wait one of the best delis in town very reasonably priced
Nice clean standard Home Depot.  The staff are plentiful and helpful.
Tender juicy chicken with a bit of spice at a very decent price, what more can you ask?
Great little local Italian market.
Really great cupcakes, they could be larger for the price but I'll still go back.
Fun for the whole family or great for anyone who loves to be creative or just paint.
Love this place- best steak in the valley, can't go without getting the Chopped Salad
Cheap breakfast, great portions and very nice owner. I would eat here all the time if I lived here.
One of the best Mexican restaurants in Southern Nevada, Authentic great tasting Mexican Cuisine
Good lord this is the best pizza west of New York!!!
Consistent, high quality, wholesome food both at the restaurant and for catering.
Love this place. When I am in town, I stop here to get my Panang Curry fix. It's a big serving.
Great attorney!  If I ever needed representation, for any reason, I would call the Hogle Firm.
Apparently they forget to add chicken to the chipotle chicken burrito. I'll remind them next time
In general, everything is fine. But sometimes there are expired products. Be careful.
Great service at rainbow with warm springs, check in online and all on time , awesome.
wait was 40 mins, its understaffed , the food is not that great ! stick to roscoe's people!
Love their sundaes !! I get fudge pecans and vanilla ice cream and it's a classic. Always so good.
Delicous pho, passed the MSG test, a winner in my book!
Love this place for a late nite snack and drink.  Attentive service and great sweets!!!
Excellent lasagna! Food was delivered piping hot! I will definitely order fr here again.
I bought an $8.00 cigar and was told I have to spend more than $10.00 to sit down in the lounge.
Yummy sangria and the bacon wrapped dates are amazing! They have a great happy hour from 3-6pm.
Top faves: Carne Asada burrito/fries, & Rolled tacos. Guilty pleasure, After hours grub!
I have been you this location several more times for various reasons and I always get good service.
Worst company ever.  DO NOT rent from them. You end up paying tolls you never drove through.
Food is amazing,  hubby and I love this place, they are always fast and we are pleased everytime.
Very tasty!! Did small plates highly recommend onion tarte flambe, lobster mac, onion soup shooter
Try Daves new juicy burgers.  Holy hell they are good!!
great customer service from von !!!!!!!!! when i picked up tickets for penn and tellrr
authentic german cuisine. Love the schnitzels and the red cabbage
Been twice.  Food has been great.  Service sub-par (not very friendly and slow both times)
Bad service, the worst naan I've ever had (hard, cold, rubbery)...overall unpleasant experience.
Worst of em all. Save ur $ It's next day n my stomach still hurtsssssssss Do not eat here.
I'm gonna keep this short and sweet -- chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. You're welcome.
Everything was right and they were friendly.  I'd go back.  Love their cherry limeaides.
It's good fast food. Chicken minis are great for breakfast but need more then 4 to feel full.
Good quality, tasty, and generous portions.
This campus has plenty of free parkng and a fantastic ,quaint library.
It's Walmart. A necessary evil. Love the people of Walmart cuz it's real life Jerry Springer.
Great service and food was pretty good! Had fun throwing corn hole and playing jenga!
Great breakfast place. Free wifi, friendly staff, very clean. Tasty coffee.
A M A Z I N G Drs!! Totally recommend them for any dermatology/cosmetic needs!
My fav place to stay in Vegas!
Excellant hamburger and fries.  Carlos was a great server.  Very clean restrurant.  Great service.
Albondiga soup is great. This place beats Filiberto's.  Everything I have tried is good.
He's ok. I don't like going to him. (only because I cant eat next door at Ichiza afterwards :)
Lamb hot pot hits the spot! Don't forget the garnishes on the back wall by the kitchen.
Every time we go here its perfect.  Our waitress was exceptional tonight! Best steak around!!
The very best sandwich. Hidden location. But worth the drive. Nice staff. Highly recommend
Make sure you check your order before you leave, I didn't get correct what I ordered to go!
This place has excellent food. Decent happy hour and very friendly people. The owners are great!
What's not to love about Camp Northend. It's Woodstock meets Wakanda meets all things art!
Good enough I suppose. Wasn't bad, wasn't great. Don't go out of your way to try it out.
Best burgers in town!  Fun place to eat and I love the flavor combinations on the different burgers.
Great food,i really lovi it,cheesesteak salad is great and there cheesesteak r very good
I ordered CHICKEN NAPOLITANO. The sauce was unique and I liked it.
Great BBQ. Awesome friendly service. I had the ribs and my son had the brisket sandwich.
Cool bar in central Phoenix...love this place!
Delicious! A place I would take people to explore when they visit Pittsburgh!
Came here for st Patrick's day dinner it is only 6pm and they run out of green beer really come on
Not only the best ramen but always the best customer service!!  Would eat here everyday if i could.
The best taco shop in south scottsdale whenever around Il stop in for there famous el pastor burrito
BEst steak and service and live music. We enjoy every time we go there.
The best ice cream place in gastonia. They have so many flavors to choose from. Grape is my favorite
Went to this place twice in the past 10 days. My wife likes the wings a lot.
Great place to shop , kind of expensive but you get what you pay for. Alot of organic stuff here ~!
My favorite walking area in Valley.  Do a lot of 1/2 marathon training here.
The portions are massive, I wish they would let me order from the kids menu . LOL.  Delicious
Best wings and service!!!! We go there after work and they stay open for hours just for us!
Not modern but classic hotel Havent been to other hotels but i think its pretty decent :)
Try the Moroccan Chicken on the low calorie menu.  I was really surprised at how great it is.
This place is the BEST burger is Scottsdale... I'm also obsessed with the sweet potato tots!
Absolute favorite place to eat in Tempe. Great prices and very good food. Highly recommend!
2 topping medium pizza 6 wings and a salad $35....what a joke...not impressive food either.
Been coming here for 7 years. Fast, inexpensive, and convenient. I get cut by Nereida.
Very rude staff, and they don't know how to stock food based on their hours. Very annoying.
Great food and drink but super unfriendly and awkward server. Will give it one more try.
great healthy food for great price!!! huge portion. i love this place. worth my first yelp review
Pretty good Mexican food. Fresh guacamole is good!
They won't give you a ride back as purposed. Club was ok.  I recommend for you to research more.
Closest thing to hipster environment mixed with great service and great tunes.
AJ (I think) at the counter is really nice and treats customers great! Food was pretty good!
carnitas burrito with cilantro, rice, black beans waa great!!!
Had a nice dinner her bcoz of the food and server. a hidden gem in vegas!
Excellent service & great food. If I were planning a date night in the spring or summer I'd go here
Good facilities, easy access, relatively well maintained.  I always come here for my laundry.
Must eat here...Great place to eat every time I'm in town. Mike is awesome. Get the Turkey tips...
As for a chiropractor standards this guy is on point.  I wish I could afford the regulator visits
It's exactly like every other Barnes and Noble I've ever been to, exactly.
Meal was great, food authentic and great tasting service was good,waiter always follow up
Nice selection of favors. Store is small and often has a long line, but worth the wait!
Definitely the best BBQ that I've had in Arizona. Will be going back for sure.
Place to go to buy authentic Latin food to make at home or check out their bakery and taco cart.
delicious, quick service and delicious food (the homestyle fries and poutine have my heart)
Convenient location for people in Yorkville. Always find good stuff here.
Local spot close to home.  Love the lobster ravioli.  The little garlic knots are tasty to.
    Bae Bae kitchen                  
Best place (and it was free) to see Pittsburgh!  Definitely make a trip up here!!
Low quality, tasteless hot dog.  Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa.
Great local favorite sub shop. Simple and fantastic.
Always have a great time coming to Scottsdale hand and foot spa!! Thank you for the great service!
Good food and drinks as long as you are prepared to wait if going during normal rush times.
Incompetent techs, less than truthful, cant keep a 4 hr window. STAY AWAY.
Service was excellent and food was really good. Tera and Kelsey were awesome bartenders.
Food was pretty good.  The place was packed and service was lacking a little.
Good price, good quality of service. My MINI Cooper is happy. :)
Great quality, fresh ingredients and reasonable prices. Love that they hand toss the dough to order
Love this place. Amazing soups, sandwiches & service. Always enjoy the banter with Olivier.
Beautiful Food Beautiful Wine and Beautiful Experience. I love this place 5 stars all the way
JONI cuts my hair, she always does a good job!! Thank You highly recommend great clips
Super fun place and the people are so nice!  Parking is a little tricky but totally worth it!
Great service!  Wish they offered a discount for Uber and Lyft drivers... just saying
nice. They delivered late at night after a football game and it was tasty! thanks Zio!
The tapas were amazing. Good customer service. Food was a lil slow but overall fairly nice
Awesome sub shop with great food, friendly staff and is very clean! We will definitely go back!
Really enjoy this place... it's the best sushi in town, and a hidden gem right now. All you can eat!
Good wings. The atmoshere was friendly and they have a lot of TV's to watch games on.
The casino is getting kind of old. But I had to visit the place that hosts WSOP.
The food was amazing and the service was quick and nice. Wish I had more space for bread and coffee.
I expected nore cheese than crust what I got was not Chicago style but Sicilian. Not impressed.
Amazing food!! I wish the service was a little better but the food makes up for it. Delish.
very good pizza tons of beer on tap great happy hour reverse happy hour
I get deliveries from Aji Sai, and it's good food at a good price. They're pretty fast too.
Food was amazing and the service was even better. Honestly can't think of anything to improve on!
nommmmmmmm. Frozen yogurt from yogurtland is THE best! Be sure to sign up for the rewards card!!
I can't believe my wireless internet is unlimited and my home Cox internet is capped. Bullshit!!
Without a doubt the worst medical experience I could've ever received. Do not go here!
Great service! Got it done for sure and thank you kyle!! Quick response and we'll priced!
Love it here! Breakfast is the best. Great Customer service. Never walk out hungry. Prices are fair.
love baby stacks! highly recommended. small shop with great taste. never disappoints.
My boyfriend really liked it but I got a bit of ingestion.
Great menu and fast service. They say they are coming to Denver soon. I will be ready!
Really fresh mexican food.....good prices and owner is very friendly. He'll-fire burrito is great.
Always great pizza
Great selection, really clean upscale cigar retail area. Good prices too
Just the same as always but this time we got the square pizza! MMMMM corners!
Service is slow. Waiting over 20 minutes to see a banker.
I love Gaucho!! I go whenever I want something special. The wait in line is worth it.
Good food, like their salads, just need to remember to ask for less dressing next time.
Great Ramen and perfect food to warm you up ! Tonkatsu and shoyu are tasty !
The staff and the food is awesome. Very clean and friendly. Can't beat the happy hour prices
Worst customer ever...lots of sales people but they seem to judge you as soon as you walk in
Best beef laab ever, and the drunken noodles are great too. I love this place!
Oh my gosh! The adrenaline is crazy real! They are definitely putting all their best out tonight.
Great people, great music, great workout, great space.  So much fun!
The rooms are awesome but I woke up to the smell of hot Dogs coming from outside. YUCK!!! So gross!
Great place for Saturday brunch. Had bottomless mimosas, delicious food, good service.
I have used the spa twice now and I have had fantastic service both times.  I will be back
Loved this restaurant! Great beer selection including cask and the poutine was delicious!
I've been to the downtown Great Dane, but more to the Hilldale site.  Good stuff.  Really.
D licieuse pizzas  Mention sp ciale pour la pizza artigiani! Grand choix de vin Tres bonne soir e
McLean is a very caring animal hospital with great staff.
WOW!!! Best car buying experience ever! Jeffrey Prince helped us.  He was amazing !!!!
Hands down best burrito place in town. I always call in advance to avoid the waiting.
I sat at the Sushi bar. Food was fresh and tasty. A bit pricy for standard Sushi but good.
Great happy hour!  5 for $6 til 7pm?!  Great food and ambiance.  Steak is of course amazing.
Dani sushi is the best place Iv been to in Etobicoke. 100% better then Just Japan down the street.
Without question, the worst airport in Canada (especially if you want to arrive on time).
Dirty. Poor service. Old, soggy fries. Hair on the tables. Okay burgers. Best to take out.
Really good ice cream, and a super cool idea. They clap for you though which is scary
Great ambience, REALLY friendly staff, reasonable prices and delicious food with generous portions.
This is my favorite Roberto's in town!  The staff is always friendly and very quick!  Best food too!
Always good service pretty fast great coffee far better than sunset grill for about the same price
The food was delicious, service was great! The lamb chops were especially very good!
Staff is awesome, stephanie is the sweetest!  they are all knowledgeable and professional
I love their party melts and be sure to get heir fry sauce with their classic shoestring fries
I'm fly now!!!! Sooooo grateful to have found an amazing stylist here in Arizona. Relocated from NY.
Meh. I've experienced better.  Adequate vegan selections for higher than I'd like to pay prices.
Their muhallabia pudding is killer!! A must try; excellent prices and excellent food
  The waiter for this resturtatant is sooooooooooooo stupid
I ordered the beef ramen and it is too salty for me. But the atmosphere and service is good.
:D
This has always been my favorite place of having curry! They also make good pad thai.
Great coffee with a friendly staff! Their coffee and baked goods are always fresh and tasty!
visited here the last time we were in Henderson, poorly stocked
Great food, great service. Reservations are highly recommended during prime times.
I had some work done there about.... 10 years ago.  Still holding up great.  Couldn't be happier!
Gigantic amazing sandwiches.  Yeah.  Freaking good meat.  I love the apps too.  Soooo good.
Had a New Yorker Sub today, April 24th.  Delicious!
Amazing ramen! Can't get enough of it! Wish there was one in Henderson so I didn't have to drive!
13 minutes on hold to order for pick up. I think they may have forgotten about me.  lol
The place is very good. It has high quality italian icecream
All around great club, tennis, swimming and fitness.  Kids club is great for kids.
LOTS of TVs. cheap greasy food. great terraces in the front and back
Nice fluffy pancakes and the waitress made sure the coffee was flowing. No complaints!
Fantastic food & service, loved the ambiance. We'll be back again next year for Spring Training.
Really good sandwiches and bread, interesting selection of authentic French pastries, A must stop!!!
Great brewery and and food! Loved the beer, Thai chili wings, and Goodyear pizza. Service was great!
These guys are great.  I was in and out in less than five minutes with a new battery for my iPhone.
Terrible management loud noise and roaches you will never be able to get rid of move somewhere else.
C'est le meilleur mexicain  .laval.  point.  Les burritos sont d licieux et c'est tr s abordable.
Wonderful work and very professional. Does not smell like a lot of chemicals. I loved it
Tr s italien, les p tisseries sont tr s copieuses, le caf  tr s bien pr par , d paysant.
Amazing, romantic atmosphere. Go for the Entrec te grill e beurre maitre d'hotel.  That is all....
Pittsburgh Willy's needs to understand a hot dog on COLD bun does not get.
The chicken is really nice but never never try the waffles, those are really really bad
Tthis place is sex. Smash fries in and around my mouth. end rant, you're welcome.
Place   recommander pour les poutines. Le service est toujours aimable m me en fin de shift.
Best Peking Duck in China town, very good General Tao as well.
They have a great crew, very honest and helpful. Would go back anytime for excellent service!
Awesome! Fresh soup and a warm grill cheese. I love this place everytime I stop in for soup.
The best shawarma in Calgary, friendly environment, and excellent customer service
One of the best Italian restaurants in Toronto + Kids Friendly.
Drive a little further and find something better.
Eat there 2-3 x wk. great good and service
Excellent sushi!  Always friendly, helpful service.  Very fresh tasting, and nice  atmosphere.
The most disgusting food. Especially loved the roach on the wall. Stay away!!!!
Starving, watching tv, too late to go out...yup, Dominos is great! Quick delivery and nice hot pizza
I am not a fan of Coffee Bean coffee but, I do like the Japanese Cherry flavored iced tea.
Lily is the most talented artist! She is so wonderful at what she does! Thank you so much! Xoxo
Headed there for lunch today with mouth watering thinking how good it was last time we were in town!
Pretty average dunkin fare, but they gave me a weird look when I ordered tea.
This place is disgusting. Walked in and right out as soon as I saw hair in their food.
Solid food - egg/chorizo appetizer, corn beef sandwich.  all good
They scrapped the passenger side of my car with side mirror, disappointed and enraged
best breakfast place in Las Vegas .. !! awesome environment!!!
I think this is 1 of the cleanest carls juniors in Las Vegas
I Love this place...all grass fed meat. Everyone is nice and helpful with ordering. Good burgers!
Amazing food. I loved everything. Avocado toast. A a  bowl. Truffle fries, Mimosas. I loved it all!
The food was good but it is not children friendly. No kids menu nor simple apple juice.
Nice location.  Wait time was reasonable.  Will definitely come back.   Nice easy to use app.
I tried for the very first time, strawberry's with cream are really good! Place is worth trying!
Great spot to treat your date to with awesome food an great wines an of course valet parking!
BLOODY MARY is to die for......I already can't wait to go back and have another!!!
There has never been a time where I regret standing in the massive line to get my jumbo burger.
No signs but pizza was really good. Entrance way was really cool to "stumble" through as well
This was a cute trendy cafe. Good service. Adorable interior ! Good food. Decent drinks!
Clean place, nice service, they have everrryyyyything and they're open every day during great hours!
Food: Pretty good. Not to greasy.   Price: Reasonable. The lunch combo are a deal.
You can't go wrong with this restaurant.  Always a delicious meal to be had.
Open 24 hours, great place to go for those last minute projects.
Megan was awesome and made our night! Great drinks, funny service. Good times. Great oldies.
David was a great server! He was hilariously funny and the food was very tasty as well.
Love REI! Be sure to buy the one-time membership. Very good return policy and helpful staff!
GO HERE. They are so kind and the food is so good! Finally a good Thai Spot in the neighborhood.
One of my favorite places to see great music in the city! never disappoints!!
I LOVE the product, but it takes so long to get your order that I've been late getting back to work.
Amazing!! Best Ramen in my life! I had the black garlic. Great staff and fast service
Great Mexican food!  Be sure to try the pollo fundido with the grilled chicken!
The food was great as was the service. Great spot to stop and grab a nice lunch
I loved this place.  Highly recommended.
Great change!  Used to be Tom's BBQ. More selection on the menu. Taste of Louisiana in Chandler!
Very fine Vietnamese food. Can get quite busy at lunchtime with a corresponding long wait for food.
Wow. Just freaking wow..... mango avocado salad, house made lager and pork shoulder tacos.
The worst Indian food available in GTA. Taste is bad. Not many choices and expensive.
I Wish they had more organic options. I'm glad they are removing some unnecessary ingredients though
Went there for breakfast, nothing special... not much choice for people who dont like eggs....
Forgot our order. Cold food. Very well done burger ordered medium rare. 2 wrong beers. Ugh.
I ordered a white russian. The bartenders response: we dont have those. Sad.
Tried once in LA. Now again in Vegas. The best noodle place in Vegas. Highly recommended.
Gets the job done in a rush. This location is particularly well staffed and quick.
The Cajun swordfish and sriracha potato special was to die for! Teri gave great service!!!
Don't come on Tuesdays. They reserve the whole restaurant for trivia with only reservations.
Hands down best sushi and sashimi in the area.  A visit to Sakura will not disappoint.
Pizza, good Zesty bread, good Spicy chicken salad, good Pass the plates and enjoy!: )
Good, cheap Chinese BBQ. Great for lunch. Fast service and friendly staff. I'll be back.
Hard to beat this BBQ.  Not usually a franchise fan, but Dickey's has got it down!
Really enjoyed the food here. Quality infredients, delicious, cosy casual contemporary ambience...
Service was really great, food was good, but the baclava- that alone was worth the trip.
Can't go wrong. Good flavor. Good portion. Good pricing. Just sucks that its soooo far.
These guys did a good job installing my radio speakers and sub nice job work well done
Food was great, service was decent. I would go back for the waffles Benny. Delicious!
WOW- Just saw a crazy lady shaking a sign for biscuits at Carls jr~!  Got one and it was goooooood!
Healthy when you skip the rice (carbs). Feel bad they are not busier.
Excellent teriaki chicken lunch. And sushi! Staff is friendly and food is always tasty.
Great breakfast bagels .....perfect way to start your morning....moist bread and melted cheese ;)
Skip the food. No pressed to me anyway like in the pictures and all I got was a heartless "sorry"
Apparently under the same ownership as the South Tempe location, both closed. Too bad.
Again with my sweet tooth. Place is a little dirty so not sure I'd come back for any reason.
Worst breakfast ever. All thr ingreadiants were from a jar, can or frozen. Nothing made fresh
Decent place, but the drinks are too expensive unless its a buy 1 get 1 night.
Great color choices and big comfy chairs. Plus wine!! This place is clean and spacious.
I bought carne asada from here and it tasted like it was marinaded in Sunny D. Very sugary.
Caught some dinner and tunes at Copper Blues. Great beer selection and the Neptunes were fantastic!
I love their yogurt prices and quiet atmosphere! They always keep it clean in there too
Bento Lunch Box, warm Saki. Delicious, quick, and elegant. Looking forward to going back.
I love their Tofu Pad Thai, especially when I add the chili paste.
No one should even think about going here, just trust me. I dont need to explain why.
Great tots. Great gluten free bun.
Great staff! The ease my fears in pain and work with me. Definitely will recommend to anyone asking!
Truly indian taste.. authenticate and taste. Will recommend all my frnds who pass by champaign.
shit, i accidentally wrote this review for the wrong business. here are 5 stars, carry on.
Very flesh meat. Beef is marbled and tastes like wagyu. Sauce is very light. Good environment.
Non event, not worth the time or the money, just mediocre food.
I always love going here for some quality vegetarian fare.
Love this little family owned place, great service and good food and value. Support the small guy!
Nice place.
Not as good as prairie girl, nice gimmick though.
Good food, nice staff.. my go to place when im craving chowmein. Prices are good too.
The nachos were excellent. i think the day staff are much friendly
I've been going here for over 6 months, very clean and the staff is awesome! Thanks Liz and Kelly!
Authentic with a nuance. Great ambience, very warm service and delicious food.
Miss eating here. Yummy food! and always fresh since they have there own veggie garden
Great meal simple cost, good eats and good times the chefs and staff are very personal
An amazing show.   I'm still singing the tunes a week later.   Probably the best show on the strip.
Shawn was a very curious and professional service tech.  Great job Shawn!!
Great Thai food. Inexpensive. Call well ahead if ordering to go as they can get busy.
It was good, but a bit expensive when there's so many places around town offering the same thing.
Fresh yummy sushi!! I'm super picky when it comes to sushi and this place did not disappoint!
Get the scallops appetizer for a main with the fried cheese. Perfect.
Rip off. $20 chirashi with fake crab. What a joke. On the plus side nice decor and service.
Service was on point! Loved our server Laura!!! Food was impeccable...dessert decadent!
This is what happens when monopolies exist. Pathetic company at best.
They sent me two raw pizzas and Scott there manager could care less.
Amazing coffee, super friendly staff and a great atmosphere. A no-brainer if you ask me.
Zero stars!!!!! Rude and unhelpful.  Every answer is that's not my job. Stear clear!!!!!
Excellent food and service.  Feeling adventurous?   Try the specials.  Over the top portion sizes.
I love the Pho here, always fresh and delicious. My favorite in Henderson. Friendly service too!!
Very good food and customer service!! Gonna be back again!!  It's our second time coming here.
I absolutely love sours! At McFate I wait anxiously for any new ones that they put on tap!!
Really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot. Tastes fresh. Potato salad is very good.
Always great. Ryan does amazing work, would definitely recommend if you in downtown.
Their service has definitely worked out their earlier kinks! I'm excited to see the downtown Barrio.
The doctor has taken very good care of my elderly mother's feet.
Great food. Great price and very fast. No frills Vietnamese food that is fresh and good.
I think Pump It Up is a lot better for younger kids. This place is better for older kids
Great place to visit if u are in PIT. Lots of character, friendly staff and no nonsense good food.
If you like fascism, misogyny and religious fanaticism with your coffee, this is the place for you!
They charged me twice and their customer support was rude and useless, never got my money back.
Terrific, authentic Hawaiian food right across from the movie theater. Very nice staff.
Excellent performance of the Nutcracker. I loved the new props and costumes. Very good!
The staff was amazing and the food was great. Wood fires pizza is excellent. Love the wine bar
Check out yelp for some service comments.  http://www.blogto.com/services/west-side-cycle-toronto
Bad tasting, Dirty workers. The workers don't take showers and the store looks and smells musty.
Best pizza ever. The Holy shitake is to die for. Great drink specials and nice bartenders
Best corned beef sandwich in ohio period it's well worth the money..... Alittle hidden gem in ohio
Amazing food.  Amazing beer.  Great vibe.  There is nothing not to love!
Very friendly staff. Food was great! Will return when we are back in Belmont for sure.
Great quality and clean store; I would defiantly recommend .... bacon on donut is great!
Once again this place has made me happy.  I wish they were closer.  The tractor pizza is so amazing.
Cool vibe, excellent burgers and a nice craft beer list.
Just a very relaxing, chill place to have an awesome cigar!  Hand rolled on the premises.
Got takeout for a family event, and everything was delicious!
My favorite brunch place. The avocado toast is to die for and the food is pretty high quality.
The company did a great job on repairing my spring on my garage door.  I would use them again.
Very greasy and not very good. The chili is just there, no flavor and just not good.
best food ever i had the shrimp crawfish clams mussels and crab!!!
Open late. Super nice people. Great prices! This is probably my favorite yogurt spots in the Valley!
Their policy for split checks was the most troublesome. Otherwise, food and service was good.
Good Place to dine! I've gone there a few times and their service is great.
We luv the macarons and coffee. So many choices to choose from A destination to stop by and relax
Fast, hot delivery of excellent food.  Will be ordering again. We really liked the sweet potatoes.
Great deal, great selection, fun! Small but I love that! Can't wait to go again.
My favorite place for Hawaiian food. Their musibis are soo good for a quick mid day snack.
Clean and safe environment where kids can play and adults can relax while watching them.
Wow, brunch was amazing! Fresh, flavourful, and healthy. Highly recommended.
Adequate Korean food.  Kimchee had waaaaaayyyyyyyy toooooooo much vinegar.
The food was well prepared, ingredients were arranged in an artsy matter . It was delicious !
Good place to relax and have a beer
Good spot to get teriyaki chicken. The staff is awesome and really on top of thier customer service.
It's hot but not ready had to wait for pep pizza 10 min, so don't offer ready if it's not :(
This place is great, and one of the better serve yourself frozen yogurt shops!
Very honest and Reliable.Best experience I've ever had with a mechanic
Great food,    reasonable prices,    decent portions, attentive service.    I will be going back.
Bad service. Don't waste your time. It would be better to do it yourself than bring your car here.
GREATEST TIME EVER! Vincent was hilarious and we all had a great time at this bachelorette party!
Fantastic Italian food. Family owned and run. Best Teramisu I've ever had.
Had everything I need and affordable! Employees are nice. Produce are fresh and meat is cheap
Terrible. Waiter less than interested. Forgot our appetizer. Shrimp and grits were horrible.
Great customer service and the meals are portioned correctly. The protein balls are plus!
First liquid nitrogen ice cream in western Canada! So delicious- you have to try the salted caramel!
Food is always fresh and cooked to order! Anytime you're in the Ballantyne area stop on by.
Best place ever to have breakfast! Super nice workers too.  I'll be definitely going back soon.
blowfish sushi in vegas, disguised by a different name. save your money
Best pizza in town! Friendly staff and I got my delivery in just 39 minutes!! Very good experience!
Best French pastries in Charlotte! Eclectic decor, great atmosphere.
Some of the best vegan food I've ever had. Everything is good here, great for a date night!
Great staff and service.  When the "parents" go on vacation this is where our "kids" stay.
Always great food with weekly specials! Lots of green chili dishes which are awesome!
Johnny did a great job on a cut and shave. As a walk in, we got in with a brief wait.
Came by was nice and honest enough to admit that my application was too complex for an awning.
Bad customer service they also did a bad job on my nails I would never recommend anyone to come here
Not bad...but not great either. Decent drinks with small plates. Try the duck and waffle.
Kelly is very meticulous and takes the time to do your nails. Best nail service experience ever!!!
Bartender was so cute and nice and the beer is really good- Paul's pale and pb porter!
Yummy! Definitely a place to share food. Perfect time to try something different.
Good food and really great service. Also, they are open quite late so that's awesome.
Place was probably legit before it became a chain. Poor quality food, huge portions but not good.
Best Mexican food I've ever had! Love the family that owns the restaurant. I highly recommend!
fanciest buffet ever! love the varieties and the selections.  bloody mary was delicious.
Debit is the same as cash - anywhere but here apparently. Sign says 3.05 but was charged 3.11.
The food is very good here.  Very casual and laid back with outdoor seating.
Good place to watch sports, grab a burger and beer.   Appetizer menu looks pretty good as well.
Very pricey food IMHO. Better value out there. Won't return.  Good decor.
i love thursday ladies night $23 all you can eat ! & all you can drink night!
Cool hangout in the NO DA district. Nice pub and food is good. If you never been. A must try.
Line out the door, only one cashier. Really?!! they can't forecast lunch rush hour?!!!
Decent coney dogs, friendly service. Hand cut fries a bit undercooked but overall very satisfied.
Great place to find a trailer trash cowboy hat.
Never eaten anything but dessert here, but the bananas foster crepe is great
Portion sizes are so small that $77 didnt buy enough food to feed 8 people. Go elsewhere
I chickened out and just got the regular bacon and eggs.  But the Honey Lemonade was BOMB!!
Great authentic Italian pizza, better to order ahead of time, can be kind of slow in there.
Food was fresh and homemade. My original review was unfair. They are doing good things here.
Appallingly expensive. Never again. Take a taxi or uber and don't give these thieves your money.
Stopped in for chicken nachos during layover.    Food was good and tasty.   Service was very quick.
Their Chicken Taco is pretty good for a $1 on Monday and Tuesday!
Way too long a wait.  2 to 2 1/2 hours.  Office is filthy.  Doctor spends 3 minutes with you.
Great place for business lunch or just to catch up with friends.  Food is fantastic!
Cammy is fantastic. The regulars are friendly and it's a great casual place for a beer.
It's panda which = quick "chinese" fix. nothing special to set this one apart from the rest.
Nice close bike ride from my house and great taco Tuesday with good food and a fun environment !
Good food, cheap drinks. Poor service. Much more of a casino than a bar. Be ready to inhale smoke.
Why oh why can't you stay open through the winter? I want ice cream...
MMMHH si vous voulez d guster de bons Bo Bun cet endroit est parfait !!
This place was amazing great customer service, very fair prices, best shop in the area.
I've had gyros in Santorini and Pan's is on par. They're soft, fluffy and flavourful.
The best croissants in Pittsburgh.  The coffee was good too!
Just a bunch of assholes at this ford dealership. I'll drive across town to go to a different one.
Love this place!! Awesome happy hour and food! I can overlook the dirty bathrooms once in a while.
Poolside bar. Awesome view of the mountains and the Phoenix skyline. Moscow mules. Need I say more.
Delicious food.  All four of us ate every last bite!  Nice and cozy ambiance.
Best sushi spot in Vegas , Stacie roll, Ugly roll, screaming O! Must have . All you can eat
Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas we've been too so far.
Wonderful service, cute little cafe, great food and they were very generous with samples!
Great spot for live music! just not loud music
the food was very good. had kadai chicken, butter chicken and paneer tikka masala. very good food.
Very disorganized. I had an 8 am drug screening appt...... I have been waiting over an hour.
Just got our mattress! Great customer service and was very quick. Going home with our mattress!!!
Oyakodon and Magic Mountain are delicious! Restaurant is small and it's got a nice ambiance:)
Perfect what can I say yummy .good service  and the best sauce
Clean and gReat service! The fruit is fresh and there are a lot of flavors to choose from!
Best mexican I've had in Las Vegas.  Completely authentic.
Simply amazing! I went for the first time yesterday and OMG!! Great service and amazing food
Love bringing my little man here. Cool treat and I love they have some sugar free options now!!
always a good selection of clothing.  a great place to people watch too LOL
Crab salad was great! Delicious sliders and I love the sangria! It was fantastic and fruity!
Chicken foccaccia is amazing. Best sports bar food anywhere. Never miss when I am in AZ.
Not pretentious & the multiple layers of flavors in your plate makes it simply delicious.
Kelly always makes my nails look fabulous. Thank you Kelly. You are the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Took hubbs here awhile ago. He digs sushi. (I detest it!) He had a salmon bowl, and loved it!
Great service with helpful staff. The empanadas and arepas we're delicious.  Loved the salsa bar!
Casual and excellent food.  Great beer selection.
Music was OK, many different areas to hang out. Straight friendly so its cool for me
Literally could not imagine getting my haircut anywhere else   Caesar is a true, master barber
Great place to visit . Good beer and good lanes the staff was amazing very attentive.
Customer service here is a shit show. Go to the Marriott instead. Rooms are nice, but that's it.
Very fresh sushi and sashimi and great Sake selection.  Great quality for the price.
Cute, clean salon. Danielle is amazing.
Their vegetarian was sooooo good.   N.Y. style pizza isnt my fav, but I'd definitely visit again.
Delicious, good size portions. Serious comfort food that hits the spot.
Dale was a really knowledgeable & personable guy. He wasn't pushy either & cares about recycling.
Really yummy crust. Cheese was delicious. They do it right. Even the service was good. Thanks guys!!
Great place. My son loves it and the staff treat him so good. They all know him and love him.
As far as Hotel Brunches go Canal Club is one of the best. Friendly Staff, Channing, and great food.
Really good food,but spotty service. The lasagna is amazing!! The service is very inconsistent.
Hot bagel is the bomb!  So delicious!  Staff always friendly.  Cool local feel!  Must have bagels!
We love Grotto! The entire staff is so nice and the food gets better and better.
Way. Too. Loud.   At least it's non-smoking though...  Guess I'm getting old.
Great craft beer and great staff!! Love the live musicians!!
Margaritas were just ok chips and salsa came out if a bag they were horrible and salty.
I have had a gym membership at a lot of places, but this is the best fitness club ever!!
Best dessert place ever.  Period.  Gets a little freaky late at night, if you are into that stuff.
Another overpriced downtown Italian restaurant. However, I really like their Tiramisu!
Food is great,  especially considering the price.  The server was helpful and friendly.
Great job! Water was delivered the same day I ordered it. Keith was very helpful and friendly.
Very bad service, forgot our meals, for twice, and insisted that was the machine's problem.
Best fast food burger! Great service! Cajun fries are really good!  The fry portions are huge!
Must try the Captain Jerk burger and the Burgernator fries!
i love their congee rice porridge..One of the best i have so far very surprising.
No issues when I go why don't going game days too crowded but other than that I like it
My friends love the 40oz rib-eye very much. And the Foie Gras there is so good 
The best Chinese that delivers to Oakland I've had so far. Good lunch specials.
Beautiful arrangements! Used for wedding and funerals.  Everyone complemented us on the flowers.
ivan the great bartender/manager rawks awesomeness!!   He is fast and makes greaT drinks!!
Best AYCE in Toronto, fresh ingredients and average service. But the sashimi was a booomm
Cool vibe but the food isn't worth the hype. At all.
Secret gem in the city. We always gets the wood oven bake pizza and throughly enjoy them each time.
I haven't had great ramen in Vegas since I was stationed in Japan and in finally found one.  "Oishi"
Amazing a bit of a wait but so totally worth it! Done forget to bring your own alcohol!!!
great customer service and not ridiculous prices!!! chillin with the staff smokin hookah
Great buffet. I love their chicken tika masala and grilled fish. Always a great meal here.
Love Dr. Lindsey and both offices are great
Good traditional breakfast the baked muffins are excellent and food portions are just right.
Horrible. Don't waste your time or Vegas gambling money. Eat a hot dog instead. Much better meal.
I was there tonight and unfortunately received bad customer service...ended up walking out
Ask for Larry at the bar.  He is the best!  Happy Hour is a great deal.
Beer! Free parking! Great place to have some good brew. Great bar food.
Friendly staff prompt service, and the best customer's I'm here. Lol good looking women here too.
Let the chef/owner treat you on a ride. Love this place! A hidden gem.
Came to Vegas for hot n juicy.. No more crawfish really..? WTF..
A gem in Lakewood. The food was phenomenal. Service was so-so, but not bad by any means.
Good quality. Clean. Fresh squeezed OJ, great coffee, and right up the street from me. Fav.
The vig is the shit and I have yet to meet anyone who disagrees!  Very hip and chill!!
It's a nice store, plenty to search through. The staff is very friendly. Just over priced.
Cool location. Bartender was a really nice guy forgot his name though. Open 24/7 so that's a plus
Great find in Scarborough! I no longer need to go to Yonge street for great Korean food.
The best pizza ever!! The service was awesome, pizza was epic and loved that it's hidden away
One of the greatest sandwich shops in Cleveland.  love the people and the food
Always enjoy the food at Panda Express. It's quick and easy! People at this location are friendly.
Great place to catch some great music, wonderful atmosphere  with drinks and friends.
Really enjoyed the egg white turkey sausage omelet.
yummy. The food here is wonderful. Service is however extremely slow
Highly recommended. The food is fresh and clean. Liked the Southwestern club
Great local business, wonderful owners, excellent coffee.  So lucky to have them in Cramerton!
Food was amazing! My son who is beyond picky ate his whole meal!
Extremely good; Glazed & Cinnamon were great donuts! Must TRY!
Ridiculously delicious Salted Carmel fudge! Staff was very friendly and samples were generous.
The carrot cake is heaven! Live piano player! Best fried fish I have ever eaten. Yes please!
Still incredible, indulgent sandwiches. There's a reason this place is constantly mobbed.
Great Bubba burger! Great food, and sweet, attentive staff! Breakfast 7-11. Will come back.
Very welcoming and heavy selection of top shelf liquor. Hidden gem! Great prices as well.
The order staff is as dumb as mud. Took over 10 min to order 2 sandwich plates. Plus very pricey
I eat breakfast here every Friday morning. They have fantastic food and the BEST coffee!  5 stars!!
Awesome chicken. It is not frozen at all and tasted so good. Get extra sauce cause it is so good.
good, but not worth the hype. Especially for the wait time.
The sushi did not have a good flavor and some of the sushi was just wrong!   I do not recommend it!
Love this place! Awesome korean chicken and kalbi. Yum!
Chicken was so bland, no flavour, so greasy, and not worth the price but the fries where ok.
Great French onion soup and French dip sand
14 gas pumps. I like that! :)  Inside, it's your average convenience store.
Delicious vegetarian options for us and polite service.
Never have to wait and staff is very friendly and welcoming. Dr Richins is very gentle and caring!
This place is wonderful if you enjoy microwaved dishes. It's not even worthy a review.
Their customer service is terrible and my hot drink was super cold. I would never come back!
Very entertaining, and Steve Connolly engages the audience well.  Our out of town guests loved it!
Bigggg f*ing burritos for a very reasonable price.. $6-7$.. best mexican next to ASU.
We ordered kotu paratha and dosa combo. Every thing was really yummy! Five stars to this place.
Have now been back several times.  Truly a delightful little restaurant.
Our favorite place to have lunch love there food and customer service my favorite dish is the nachos
One of the best happy hours in town. Drinks are tasty and strong! The Smash is my fave!
Great service. he was arrived within 20 min and replace my key within 10 min. Great deal on service.
Yum!!! Burger's a little wimpy, so I'd get 2 patties next time. Turtle sundae is to die for!!
Love this place. Reliable, good service, great bacon and eggs. Wish they were open more often.
Love this place the employees are so nice and helping! Never have left  unhappy with the car wash.
Great food as always for a good price! Cashier seemed grumpy today and can ruin one's appetite!
Great dentist. Dr Ford is very nice. Love his front office girls.
Fantastic lunch special great value! Lots of toppings no skimping here good service delicious food!
We enjoy family night here on sundays ! But never had food just bowling,movie and mini golf !!
closed
Here to see Mergence!!  Great show, amazing venue... excellent service.  Whats not to like!?
Awesome carne asada! Try the papa verde with steak! It's delicious and the portions are great!
Loved my iced mocha! adorabl;e cool spot.
Very friendly. See the internet sales.. Beautiful and brains !
Our Sunday morning tradition.
This is a place my wife and I keep going back to. Such great food and the people are very nice.
Very great service (good food takes time, so not super fast) good food and a upbeat environment!
Love this place. They have lots of veggie options but also have options for meat lover.
Stopped in and got a few sandwiches to go, great food! Very friendly staff as well! We will be back!
Wish I lived closer, great place for good beer.
The best Cuban food in Vegas so far!! The place its not fancy are all but the food worth it!!
The staff ands security are rude and prices are insane. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Fantastic service and accommodations!  I recommend the entire Sunset Gardens venue!!! Thx
My first time eating Piefection yesterday.  Amazing!!  I will be revisiting often!
Great food! Great service! Try the chimichangas! Salsa is great!!
Our meal was ridiculously good and very modestly priced.  Sat in the bar due to a long wait.
Great yogurt place, tried the salted caramel and it was amazing! Clean place as well!
The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly, you guys just won a regular customer.
Simply amazing experience, attention to details, the best haircut and beard trim ever
I love Iron Chef. Great sushi. Great specials. Great service.
I ordered a birthday cake and it was too dry and hard as a rock!!  Very disappointed!!
$6 for fries is ridiculous. Burger, fries and a diet coke should not cost $20.
Salmon Ceviche. Tuna and Salmon tacos. Combination Yakiudon. Scottish Salmon. Just. Order. Them.
Good pepperoni rolls, but everything is sooooooooooo overpriced. It kills me even walking in there.
Excellent care for my cats. Wonderful facility. Great staff.
Without a doubt the best sushi in the valley we love coming there very artistic our favorite place
Great bar and amazing burgers. Generous portion sizes and friendly staff. My new local!
Great service great food. Finally a crepe that can rival even the French!
Wow, they are fast on Sunday morning.  They could move the tables around to create more space.
Really lively environment n good for kids too. Live music w lots to see, eat n drink.
Perkins with only burgers.  I got what I expected.  Good place to bring a kid.
Philadelphia sushi was good. Their BBQ Pork Ribs was very tender! Our server, Mai, was very nice.
Definitely coming back. Food was great and Hydrabadi Biryani was mind blowing.  5 star...
What a meal, Chicken & Waffles, for a food truck they rank up there with the others,
Amazing food. Amazing service. Every clean, well organized restaurant. Very very recommended
We bowl here weekly for a league. Best bowling alley in town.
This is my go to delivery spot. All comes hot and in a timely manner. Food is always tasty as well.
Great OJ. Bad service
This was just okay. I've had way better. Nothing special.
Great subs! Wish I would have discovered this place a lot earlier, instead of a week before I move!
Our Favorite place in Green Valley.  Always a blast and AWESOME food.  Keep up the great work.
friendly and fast service.  food was awesome. def try the spam musubi and kimchi fried rice!!
Like always great service!  Come with my note 4 after 10 min in and out. Thank you fones gone wild.
The rice is always dry i don't know why, I like  the mainsha at keele and Rogers way better !
Went in with terrible pain. Sharon was knowledgeable and did a wonderful job.
Jeff's a great guy, went above and beyond to make sure i was happy highly recommend to anyone
Animals sleep...go early at opening so you can see shows and animnals awake!
I have been coming here for a long time because it is the best sushi in the Neo area
The food, the staff, the service, the ambiance, is an absolute home run.
Not surprisingly, it appears this place has closed down.  Worst. Service. Ever.
Absolutely terrible. An insult to the residents of Champaign-Urbana.
Always fresh and delicious! Great concept! Wonderful staff. Love the Hummazing Vegan sandwich!
Awesome Philly Cheese Steak sandwich, the best I've had, get the spicy peppers added.
I'm obsessed...I'm always in there...get good food, a little lime with friends, and sweet music
Curry goat with rice, peas, and cabbage was great with a ginger beer. Nice, fast service.
Good beer selection. Great happy hour till 6pm. Pretzel and cheese appetizer is great.
it was fun, and interesting too....love the pink pajamas !!
average, expensive, crowded, small space, little bowl
Rude never go there. Cashiers do not know how to treat older people. Service is unacceptable.
Another excellent repair of my iPad mini screen.
Excellent customer service. We love the speedy rental return.  Will be back to this haul.
Both food and service are improved under new management! So far the best AYCE in southwest area.
Service is slow and very absent tonight. Been here 45 minutes still haven't ordered food.
I had a great facial and my friend had a great massage. Really nice place.
this place is phenomenal! everything i have ordered from them has been exceptional! check them out!
Just like it sounds. Good food and a tourist attraction for those visiting Vegas.
I'll trek across town for this mole again, for sure!
Love this place!!! Great Mac n' cheese! Love the bottomless mimosas!!! Thanks Jennine!
Good donuts, bad coffee.  I'm dying to try the cronut but they never have it when I go in :(
Awesome service! They were friendly, gave me options with no pressure and  got the job done quick.
Very helpful wait staff! I've rented here twice now and they're extremely helpful and quick.
Delicious but expensive, 8 macarons for $26.40 with tax. I recommend the rose flavour
Spoke with the owner, Bianca? She was awesome. Answered all my questions , super helpful. THANK YOU!
Quick, delicious, and fairly authentic middle eastern food. It's a good quick spot for lunch!
stopped in on spur of moment.  Great Pizza. Loaded with toppings.  New favorite for pizza
Either table service or sit at the bar to enjoy lunch, dinner or a late night meal.
Just like the old days. It can never reclaim those days but memory lane was fun.
Fun place to sing along and people watch!
Hot pot and menu items are both great! Ask for help if you are a new to the hot pot experience.
Great food, awesome workers! Loved the environment! The best wings I've every had! :)
Never a dull moment.  I love their cheese section.  I love everything !!!
awesome hookah... fun atmosphere... great music... pool table ...5 stars!
Best hole in the wall mexican food in tempe
I love this place! good customer service and good food. It's my go to sushi spot!
Samy is very professional  He also has a good sense of humor
The fresh orange juice was so good. Big plates with reasonable prices.
Best place ever! Don't sweat the small stuff! The vibe is priceless and they have good beer!
Definitely will come back. Servers are all very good. Yummy foods. Rib eye "THE BEST"
The pharmacy is soooo slow!! Please hire more techs!
Great servers and Bartenders. Too bad they are cutting staff and menu. Great place to watch sports!
Too dark inside and slow service. The food was mediocre at best.
104 degrees. Nothing hits the spot like a an ice cold smoothie. Cools everything off.
I'm addicted to this place and go once a week now love their fried chicken chicken strips and fries!
Quality, authentic British pub fare with a good craft beer list and a nice bar at the front.
Clean inside. Quick drive thru. Always get my order right. What more can you ask for from a tbell?
They are not friendly,worst service,tv is very small,no pen. It's pretty affordable to stay.
Not too noisy on the terrasse. Very interesting experience. Wide variety of refreshments.
Yum! Deep fried cheeseburger, Mac n cheese and great beer selection. Great lazy Saturday hangout.
Excellent, handmade style won ton soup, egg foo and egg rolls!
The best help ever... look if you want A1 work  make da call....  don't drop the ball,
Really like the pork burrito enchilada style.  Go there a lot.  Very good!!!
Yummy, delicious, fresh food.  Definitely worth the price.
Chai latte was amazing!  Service was fantastic.  Keep up the good ( and yummy work!)
had my HDD replaced in an imac. Flawless, fast and friendly same day service!
I'm a die hard Steak n Shake fan, but until you serve chili Mac I won't be stoping by.
Awful service. The halibut tasted like it was a warmed up frozen dinner.
They know what they are doing will do what is needed to make sure you aren't in pain!!
S/O Steve!!! You made our Las Vegas experience unforgettable!! We got the true VIP experience !!
Have you met Alex? Knowledgeable and honest I keep his number in my phone for any auto glass needs.
Amazing and quick...we really enjoyed it.   The clams were off the hook...the noodles were great.
I appreciate more healthy options in Stow, so thanks for providing that!
The best view in the city..... Mary Serniak would love it
Great food and great service. The place is newly renovated and looks gorgeous. Congrats to Angelo!
We had the best service from Michael and the Roast Beef Sandwich is the Best in Town.
Omg get the benecio el porko. I nearly died it was so delish. The Nutella croissant is amazing too.
They did a great job, diagnosed the problem quickly and came prepared to affect the repair quickly.
If you want authentic Mexican food (No cheese) and great homemade soup! This is the place!!!
Great place to eat and get a nice old fashion spanking if you don't finish your food. Loved it.
Bonne ambiance pour les soir es entre amis. Le services est sympatique et les plats classiques.
Food was excellent, and the setting is very cozy. I will definitely be going back soon!
I cant even write a review, your just gonna have to trust me. Place is GOOD!!
Read the review, went in and confirmed slow service, friendly but slow!
Ordered one time. Pizza was just okay. Garlic knots were cold and hard. Will not order again.
Great low key lunch spot. Fairly priced.
Fantastic Restaurant and absolutely great service by Hormas! Very tasty food and loved the decor.
Felt bad about my one star rating. It wasn't awful. Upgrading to two stars.
Very good service and great food the beef and chicken are my favorite very juicy and tasty
Tom and Andrea really take care of me.  Love this place.  andy gervase
Awesome. Chicken breast version of Poblano Burger. Great fries. Service was top notch. Thanks!!
Fantastic beer selection Unbelievable stone baked pizza Top class service !  100% will be returning
Fun place to go for wings and watching sports. No complaints here. Great service, good food
A wonderful new kiosk in South Park Mall that features pastries and chocolates made fresh every day.
We love fat cats! A ton of things for my kids to do and they always provide great service.
Closed and out of business!!! All photo jobs sent out to the customers.
West Coast Pest Control has great values and great service! Best around for all pest control needs!
Best ramen in town, fried rice is off the chin chain, only thing is that it's a real small spot.
Came for dinner with friends, same day reservations are okay and generally fairly accommodating
Really crappy food, dirty tables, staff had an attitude when I asked for knife for my steak.
Delicious burgers and mac n cheese! Also excellent service.
For those looking for a wheat free bagel, they sell corn bagels here. And they're not too bad...
Good Pho.  I am veggie Pho fan.  Their service needs improvement but food is good.
Excellent Sevice, Delicious Food, cozy atmosphere and reasonable prices!:)AW
Love the text and email reminders.  It helps me stay on top of the dry cleaning!
15 min to be seated. 30min for food that was cold and overcooked. All after 2pm
Nice Goodwill in a new location. Good variety of items.
Great food.  Ask for Andrew! It was great service and good recommendations on selections.
Ordered a cheeseburger. It was ok, nothing memorable. Not bad but certainly not awesome either.
Totally better than the Phoenix Zoo! The recent updates are so worth it. You'll enjoy your day here!
Tried it, liked it, recommend it! Pizza is very good, Ravioli with meat sauce was also very good!
best tacos in town! alambre cubano and pastor are delicious!
Great Food, and 3.00 Mimosa's any day.  Not your mama's caf , even better
The pizza, wings and ziti were very good.  This is where locals go. My kids loved the food.
Excellent brisket and pulled pork. Crazy Jay's BBQ sauce very spicy and very good!!
Fun, Fun, Fun ! This is by far the funnest thing to do in Las Vegas! Put it on your bucket list!
I have a now not that secret girl crush on the tiny blonde bartender
 Vegas 
Yummy ribeye steak sandwich. Cooked perfectly and super tender. Service was on point as well
Nicest laundromat I've ever seen!!!! Next time my basement floods, I will do my laundry here again.
It's about like all of the other Einstein Bros Bagels you've ever been to.
Great burgers (better than hero burgers). Small sit in area, great poutine too.
Good food
Great service. Fresh food. We had the crab cakes, cauliflower curry soup, chicken, all excellent.
I love coming to this venue to check out bands. I haven't had a chance to try the food yet.
Had to repeat our order 3 times, then got asked again what it was. Still came out wrong.
Enchiladas are awesome! Cheesy and ground beef are delicious! Davor was a great bartender!
I love Bugsy!  They showed up on time and handled our scorpion problem!  Thank you Chris!
Such a great spot! Our bartender was incredible. Definitely a must next time we're in town.
I've been going to Tim for a few years now. Every cut by every barber at Brigade has been terrific.
The veggie sliders and margaritas are amazing! Good place for tourists, great promos.
This is a great place with a variety of classes and knowledgeable teachers.  Very clean!
Service with snark, how hard is it to scramble eggs?  My eggs were more fried than scrambled.
Great pastrami and corned beef grilled too perfection you cant go wrong here portions are huge.
HORRIBLE !!!! Had stomach virus from this place two times !!!! Do not order or go !!!! DIRTY !!!
They took forever to give me my order and everything is so dirty, it's my last time here.
Amazing food Definitely need to try it again food was phenomenal Perfect and authentic
soooo goood.  we have been going to this family restaurant for years and love it!
Good fusion burritos. Great service . Everything fresh. Bulgogi beef burrito is what I ate.
Closed ... gone  Sign on door says they're closed ...  been a good run but now it's over ... see ya
Great place to get your vehicle fixed!! Highly recommend!! Also cheap smog tests and oil changes!!
Best chicken burgers here! Can be a little pricy but the food and service is always good.
Yup. Great lattes! Foam art hearts! Cheerful service! Tempting desserts! Bulldog, you're great.
FUN! it's like a really nice carnival with more rides and games! The arcade section was huge!
Was great, but tried to go today and it's closed! It says they are converting it to an event room.
Much more delecious hongshao beef noodles than the one which is near jialefu
Update: Presidential delivered the needed basket to complete the warranty repair today. Thank you.
Great staff, very good with information and facts. Was busy but didn't wait to long to get in.
Nice outdoor patio. Very friendly and helpful staff and managers.
Really great service!  Loved the atmosphere & the Avocado Toast was good - interesting take
Great game shop for modern and retro games.  Friendly knowledgeable staff and good deals!
Very good, Lunch special 7 Days a week. Decent amount of food for decent price.
Luv this place!! My fave in town & I grew up in Japan so I'm very picky on Japanese food ;)
Delicious ramen.  So far...one of my favorites in Las Vegas.  Great food, great service.  Yumm!
Decent food at a decent price. Friendly staff who remember you is always a plus.
Love the Buffalo Bleu sandwich!  Yum!
Across from A5 gate.  Good guac and pricey margaritas
Delicious. Walked in and it's a small tavern style place with about 20 seats. Fantastic food!!
Excellent breakfast! So many pancake options, it's hard to choose. Everything was delicious.
the salad was amazinggggg.... it's like a party in my mouth :)
Lori gave me the worst haircut of my entire life. I will not be going back to this place EVER!!!
awsome non-dairy smoothies!!!
I eat here almost every Sunday for their amazing sushi. Great food, great prices, great sushi chefs.
We love this place. Very basic menu but in a good way. We get the chicken and it never disappoints.
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music.
Enjoyed both the peanut curry and pad see eww. Best thai and Laotian food in Madison.
Huge selection for breakfast not your run of the mill choices. Tons of verity. Friendly staff.
Over charged for drinks for gaming play and said it was to cover the bartenders tips.
Amazing place!!!  The food is wowwwwww   The place clean!!  And the service is the best!
I don't eat sushi so I had the double crunch roll. My husband  sushi I think their food was amazing
Ridiculously good strips and milkshakes.  Worthy of the trip.
Very friendly and knowledgeable staff to help with supplements and the best smoothies in the area.
I did like this place until we set for 30 minutes and no service, now I know why it's never crowded.
Worse Pho I have ever had in the 26 years that I have eaten Pho.
Best pizza in the valley. Get there early if you want a seat this place fills up fast.
Everything is great.  A 5 is not hot!! Chef Tipp is the best!
My husband brought me take out Sushi (caliroll) it was pretty tasty!!! Yummy! I'm coming back!!
Excellent fast service and food! Waiter was on point! Defiantly stopping by again when in the area!
AMAZING! Had a slice of pepperoni sausage and their veggie. Must try if you're visiting.
My new favorite off the strip casino. Has it all, good food, bowling, movies...
Did a great job removing a dent in my truck.  Can hardly notice it was even there.
There's always a wait bc it't so good.  The nutella crepe and red velvet pancakes are the best!!
Had a great visit.  Really loved the Firecracker chicken and Sambal Fried Rice.
Best. Iced. Coffee. EVER.   I'll be returning here for sure.   Swoon!
Good stuff as usual.  A little bit of a wait 42 mins, but well worth it
I refer lots of patient to Dr Patel and everyone absolutely Loves him!
Delicious sandwiches and great service and atmosphere.  Perfect indoor or outdoor seating.
Excellent ice cream, every time. I'm a huge Cold Stone fan, and this one is no exception.
Great spot with even better beer. Super nice staff, really cool new brewery in Madison to hit up
best turkey sandwich ever!!!!  who would think fries n coleslaw on a sandwich would kick @ss.
Incredible scenery! but way too many tourists. try to get there first light especially in winter
Great experience.  With no appointment I was able to get right in.  Quick, clean beautiful nails
Sometimes the line can get long so be prepared. Always good service and great food/well stocked.
Great wings for a great price. I ordered take out and will need to go buy new pants this weekend.
Best place ever, Love it here! The staff really cares and it shows!
The menu is incredible - the servers awesome, most have been there since inception.
Just found my favourite coffee shop in Airdrie!  Love the beans from Rosso.  Goodbye Starbucks....
Good times.  The best workouts I have in the week. I always look forward to these events.
ONLY PLACE TO EAT SUSHI!! Wonderful staff and the amazing flavors of different than the rest
This is a old time family fave! Really good Mexican food! Very popular spot and a must try!
Pricey. Its a fancy atmosphere with not-so-great food and service. I expected more for my money.
OK location, small with limited seating. Staff are not friendly at all. Meh.
Great panckakes, French toast, sausages ar best quality, they use premium coffee, great staff.
The doctor was great and everything was responsible. I feel save bringing my baby to them.
The food is delicious and the location is comforting and cozy. I definitely recommend it.
Very quick..not quite as good as outside airport but still pretty darn tasty
I had met some friend 2 weeks ago, great food and service, they also have a great Happy Hour.
the best kid playground in las vegas ! Very safe & clean.
Very reasonable prices for excellent, largely portioned food! Favorite pho place by far.
I went to the shop to have my keys copied and Vince was very professional and helpful.
This is a weekly round up of about 20 food trucks.  Go there.  Order food.  Eat.  Rinse and repeat.
Always enjoy this zoo with family. It is a little pricy, but we use coupons to save some money.
Great place for an amazing breakfast burritos. My family and I went and loved everything we bought.
Great location.  Very clean.  Excellent staff and excellent concierge.
wall to wall of jelly beans.... chocolate statute of liberty, fun place to look and see...
Eat at Nick's every Saturday morning for breakfast. Excellent service and good quality food.
Pediatric ward was awesome.  ER was good...just long wait to see a Dr but it's expected at an ER.
Really great place, the lady working there was very kind and didn't get mad with my long order!!
Awesome meal! My steak was best ever!! Soup was homemade!! Dede!!! Amazing waitress!!!
Two words: Pineapple fried rice. Best thai food in Pittsburgh, and I've had it all.
Very nice environment, friendly and talented staff. What a wonderful place to unwind & get pampered
Their sausage is so good.  Do not miss it.  great pizza, very friendly
Excellent service... Very friendly staff,  modern and clean studio.  Would highly recommend
LOVE this place! Great sushi and super nice!! A weekly spot for me !!
Loved the atmosphere and the wide selection of drinks!
Used to be a great Casino.  Now - unfriendly dealers.  Not enough tables open.  Totally sucks!
Good food, location and the patio is cool. Fish tacos and hot chick sandwich are my favourites
Great place for beer lovers! And their flat-bread pizza is a must have. I like the Tractor.
Look for a coupon on groupon.   It's worth it to have a warm car to come back to in the winter.
My favorite Mediterranean Indian Restaurant in Vegas! They just opened a Lunch Buffett too!
Half chicken platter... Great price but Ramados is better all the way!!!
Great food and even greater people :) Pho is delicious and savory! Taro boba is perfect!
Great Target. Great employees. The store is always clean. The employees are very helpful.
Great food and even better service everytime.  They serve the best breakfast in town.
B - List. Good food and service. Other places do it better. Nice lights out front.
Super rich and delicious noodles, pork belly bowl very tasty
Came here for a wedding reception. Beautiful area and venue. Food was pretty good too.
Philip is right! This place is legit... the other one off of Thomas has really gone downhill
My favorite taxi service in Toronto. Fast, reliable, the dispatch service is good.
This is no longer Amato. It is called La Mona and the pizza is frozen supermarket pizza quality
Every visit is nothing but perfection! The Dominick's know exactly what they're doing.
Had an excellent experience shopped it all the Honda dealers in town they gave me the best  value
I love this place! They have great customer service fast-paced threading your in and out in a jiffy!
I ordered hot and sour noodle. It has fried bins and veggie. It meets my expectation I love it
Super friendly staff and a menu I look forward to continuing to explore!
Don the bartender is the man!! What great service! He really made us feel welcome. Thanks, Don!
Incredible meal. Amazing cheese selection, phenomenal beers, great service!
Very nice interior, clean, big space.  The coffee was very good.  Looking forward to returning.
If the walk up window is closed they force you to order at the bar and charge you more. Not happy.
Nice staff, not the worst prices, good food and drink selection and nice setup for a sportsbar.
They always have fast service and amazing food. They are always friendly and give suggestions.
Great food and service. Pork Belly Dumplings are outstanding-- can't wait to try the PBL&T1
Went there at 8:20 pm and was closed when they were supposed to be open till 9:00 pm. Very unhappy.
Ruben and his partner came in at appointed time and it was fast and very informative!
Best food ever!!! Do not forget to order grilled corn and potatoes on the side.
The best food experience I have had in years. No complaints. Everything was top notch.
Dora helped us Today, great customer service. Just fast service location looked clean.
Lots of good Chinese food for a good price. Been here a long time and it's a staple for this area
The chicken pad thai and spring rolls is delicious.
Food is good. Decent beer list. Service was great. Nice atmosphere. Definitely will be coming back.
Great place for food but they stopped serving coke and Pepsi products. Who does that??
Clubs come and go, but this place is here to stay. Monday (industry night) is probably my fave.
Dont get the weird bloody mary, otherwise great food
This place is awesome Great food great prices great portions! I highly recommend chases diner!
This store has either closed permanently or moved somewhere else.
Best service and amazing food. Tamarin beef & Amoo's Benedict were out of this world! Yummmmy
Very fresh pastries , their food is amazing, friendly stuff, fast service , I highly recommend it
My papillon loved going here and they smelled amazing and looked so pretry when they were done.
This place is clean and professional.  I love it!my techs were Cindy and Kelly they're terrific!
Don't get the negative reviews. Lee's has simple, cheap bahn mi and is open 24hrs.
Food good - French Dip and Happy Hour sliders. Ambience - Very Good Beer - Warm Service - Warm
Prompt, professional, and courteous. Thanks for taking care of our garage door so quickly.
Rooms were fine and staff was great but prices were high.
Good food but staff forgot about my niece & me for approx 2 hrs, so, our food & drinks were free.
Family owned Italian spot with delicious tiramisu. Small, friendly and quaint.
Good food and staff were friendly, the burgers are fantastic
Place is cool but the taste of food isn't to my liking.
Amazing place. Pineapple Soju is out of this world. Got #37,#36 and #6. Great prices. Must visit!
Do yourself a favor, and just go here now. Wedge salad and a large order of fried zucchini
I love this place. Movies with awesome seating, bowling, games and a bar. Worth my buck every time.
The food was meh. Overpriced for just "meh" food. Felt shitty afterwards. Never going back.
Great people, best service,  Top notch.
great food and service. Get the bread in a cup. Fresh juice A+.
Emily our bartender and server was the best, food was also delicious, I highly recommend it!!
Excellent and professional staff with a beautiful facility. Sleep issues?  Come here!
All I can say is there is no better Chinese food in the country. Try the shrimp and candied walnuts.
Loved this place. The honey lemon boba teas was excellent. Fun feel and we will be back.
Great fresh food. Have been there dozen times or so wait can be long but its worth the wait.
Love this burger joint!
Local, authentic, getting it done right. Friendly staff, great burger, great atmosphere.
absolutely love the margarita pizza here. And super reasonable. Get the slices for best experience
overall repair service was OK and smooth but the price was too high.
Very good sushi. But there wasn't anyone else in here while I ate so it felt awkward.
Waited at the drive through speaker for 10 minutes with no response and then just reversed and left.
Great salon off  the strip - no parking issues and fantastic stylist
Every time I've come here it's been amazing from sandwiches to pastries the food is always schlap.
This place has great food and the night life is a awesome...I have no complaints
Reasonably priced lunch considering the huge portions. I'm here for the Philly cheesesteak!
My 10 year old son said "I love how friendly they are here and the donuts are so good!"
The ice cream is great but the staff is very rude and doesn't make you feel valued as a customer.
Michelins. Their service writers are competent and courteous. Free rotations.
Some of the best ground beef I've ever had.  I will definitely return.
Ramen was amazing and the waiters served the food quickly. Tonkotsu black is the best!
This is my favorite place to get just a couple slices. Good size, good crust, good flavor
A little overrated. Good tasting, but nothing out of this world. Unique in its being vegan.
This is by far the best nail salon in vegas!! My nails are always flawless and never break!!!
Amazing View! The drinks were awesome. The staff was super nice. Definitely would love to come back.
Love the food and service, my plantains wet a bit long but they made sure to handle it
Love Tomo! Yummy sushi and great daily specials!
Good quality furniture, employees don't stalk you.
Ok sushi, thin strips if sashimi, nothing special. Server was nice. A quick lunch spot it's ok.
Always a great experience and such a friendly staff. Mimosas are amazing. I just love this place!!!
First time trying Norm's Diner and will be back. Good breakfast, friendly staff and great prices.
Love the place. My favorite steakhouse. Great food, great staff.
Great breakfast place.  Wide variety of omelets and entrees.  Good service, fast seating.
Their Lazeez on the rocks is so good! (much better than Osmow's :p )
As far as mounts go, this one is pretty good. Definitely in my top 4 or 5 mounts of all time.
Am from Texas where the mecican is great this Restaurant is just as good as the food from Texas
It was ok. I was expecting better based on the reviews. Had the cold noodles. Good for the price.
All I have to say is the barbacoa is heaven in a tortilla!!! YUM!!!
Excellent food and drinks. Modern and delicious. We went for restaurant week and had a great time.
Cheap, good, quick, friendly....   Try the Smoked Chipotle Tobasco on the burrito!
I just called & they have changed their prices. Not worth what they are charging anymore!
Deeeeeelicious! Nice variety and good customer service
Great gym great staff. Coaches are knowledgable and keep a fun atmosphere come check them out.
Their ceviche is to die for along with their tableside guacamole service. Love this place...
One of the better gambling casino's on the "new" strip.. cheap tables and good luck!
Food is good and the best fried cheese curds ever!
Waiter friendly and helpful restaurants clean and I recommend people to come
Fantastic carne & pollo asada!
Great food,fast service!  Love it! They have great salad options.  All calories are listed too.
Worst Customer service ever. If they set out to try to be awful, they could n or be worse.
The owner is super friendly and the food is very good deserve 5 star
Delicious food, great drinks, and like everyone in NoDa, I liked it before it was cool.
Bartender recommended the Screaming Viking and it was pretty good. Would come here again.
Took one hour to get our meal. This is ridiculous. Won't be coming here any time soon.
Location is closed
The food was just as good as the New York Italian restaurants! Waiter was very attentive.
Dr. Snead and the rest of the staff took great care of our pup Lulu. Very caring.
I ordered half of a chicken walnut sandwich and it was so small.  Totally not worth $6 See pics.
Good food great price! Brisket, turkey really good. Nice atmosphere clean and comfortable.
Great small atmosphere, friendly staff. Food was amazing ABC grilled chesse was perfect.
One of the best places in Scottsdale for outdoor family friendly fun.
Real nice place very modern not as authentic as some of the sushi. The fish is outstanding!
OMG chocolate espresso milkshake MMMMMMMMMmmmmmmmmmmmm
Latin street food in Wesley Chapel! Nachos are HUGE! And the Carne Asada fries are to die for.
Come see why they're the best in town.  Great coffee, great atmosphere with a hip vibe.
This is a great place for coffee, tea, pastries, and more. They even have toys for the little ones.
Great lunch spot.  Close and convenient.  Fresh and friendly.  Attractive and affordable.
Great prices on DOT physicals!!!!!!!!!!! Only place I go awesome Dr.!!!
Great late night option. Happy with the food and service.
Great products. Owner is nice. Staff is ok..... If you can get them to acknowledge your presence.
Awesome place and staff and highly recommend these guys. The Dave's, Annie and Jim all rock
Fun  place  .   belle   ambiance  d contract   . J'adore  !!!!
Great ice cream!  Tastes fresh and smooth.  Tons of flavors to choose from.
Service was great as was the food! Had the Gyro dinner and the fried green tomatoes! Loved it all
Beautiful and Friendly Girls. My husband and I had an Amazing time. Vip Rooms are a must try!
The pricing is quite reasonable better than bulk barn and they have quite a selection in the store
Great wings, fast delivery, opened late night, and cheap!!! What more could you ask for!
Foods okay... but I never have a good experience with take out.... rude.
Awesome sushi rolls!  A little heavy on the cream of cheese on some other wise yum yum.
Fantastic service and great prices. This business handled my operator replacement flawlessly.
oh man, the Neil Young'uns on Wednesday nights be ROCKIN!!
Looking for a new hangout since Homeplate closed.   This place would be perfect, but no draft beer:(
Since the remodel prices have gone up and expect people to pay $4 for 16oz can unreal
Sooooo good its ridiculous.  Well worth a visit when in Las Vegas - delish !!
Fried chicken is so tender and delicious! Pork bone soup is great! Side dishes are good too!
First time only had pressed abacado toast but - great service, best abacado toast I've had
Can't go wrong. Delicious, fresh ingredients at great prices.   I always go with the steak wrap.
Salad was absolutely top notch. Also had the grain and strawberry breakfast and a G&T. All good!
Enjoyed my workout! Great atmosphere for CrossFIt.  Very nice coaches and friendly people.
Great service and price. Cuban panini and gyro platter were both great. Went twice in two days
Great place for hiking gear, very knowledgeable staff. I have been going there for years
Best Mexican Food in the valley!!!  Yummmmmmy!!!!!!  Super nice family!!!!
I had laser hair removal of my bikini line and fantastic results! Very professional and clean.
I had a massage and a facial and both were absolutely amazing . This spa is gorgeous.
Really good cocktails, food is decent.  It wasn't the best but I'll probably be back
Awful. Wait forever just to be treated poorly & find out they've run out of almost everything.
This place is amazing! The food, the service, EVERYTHING! Just what I needed after a long day at CES
Must have the pb&j burger it sounds odd but so incredibly good! The tots are yummy as well!
Decent mini golf! Would go back when in the area!
Bar food, and not that good.  I'll stick with Burgh's across the street.
People here really welcomed me and made me feel at home.  The sermon is down to earth also.
Hot piizza! Hot guys! Girls you were beautiful too! All had smiles and great attitudes !
Industrial chic new coffee shop offering great Java drinks and even better Aussie style pasties
Today I'm having the turkey burger with sweet potato fries good stuff and like always great service
Sarah was wonderful!  I was totally relaxed and thoroughly enjoyed my in-room massage!
Super good. Have not been diappointed by anything we have had. Totally recommend this place.
Awesome place. Got great service. If you need a mani or brow styling be sure to go here
Delicious! Fresh!  I enjoyed my tea here.  They are super nice and the place is clean and relaxing.
I ordered the seafood pho for pick up! The gentleman was very nice and the food was delicious.
Jeffery was amazing, making everything quick and efficiency.
Beautiful blowout!  I looked like a movie star. I will definitely be back.
Overpriced flavorless pizza.  Nothing really stands out and I've tried different pizzas as well.
Interesting concept, only service chicken tenders, but they are good!
Excelente Atmosphere. Friendly people.. Come here. It's a great place to try out. It's delicioso!
Crispy deviled eggs. Bangers and mash. Loved.  Also had a great cocktail here.  Would return.
So great, always! Fresh meat and hot food. Love Paramount.
Delicious! Their million dollar bacon, French toast, and hash was SO good. Highly recommend. 10/10
I was in here last weekend and had a great time. Good food and cold beer, relaxed atmosphere.
I like the most spicy Garlic trio-red hot garlic. Order it ever time I have been there.
My huband and I love this place I always get the kalifornia Benedict it is so delicious!!
Smoothest car crash aftermath I had. Thrilled with the result! Thank you!
I think they need to update their hours. It's past 11 and the doors are locked. Huge bummer.
Excellent chicken gumbo.  Crab is great as well.  If you are at talking stick you need to go here.
Grilled Buffalo Chicken sandwich rocks. Kids loved the Grilled Cheese as well.
Fun little bar...a bit dark inside, but the servers are friendly and its a good crowd.
Great  street tacos great service absolutely love the salsa verde. Super fast service
Food and wait staff get high marks.  Atmosphere was bright and trendy, but very loud.
Best oat milk latte I've ever had!!!!! Traveling from jersey and there was nothing like it.
The best ! !   Especially the gas station, it's always clean and employees are always friendly
Good as far as Starbucks is concerned. I still prefer Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coffee to Starbucks.
Ballast point on tap. Great food and knowleable servers.
The food and service are both fantastic. I learn something new about Cleveland every time I come in.
Great Place! We love the food! You won't be disappointed.
It's literally the ending of a rager at Old town.
Very good breakfast. Clean and tidy. Friendly service Best home fries in TO
Love the Bloody Mary!! I also think their tomato soup with the grilled cheese is great!
I love sushi and this is THE BEST SUSHI I have EVER HAD!! Can't wait for oyr next vegas trip!
the best chinese food in las vegas, by far
Another great dinner. Burger was fresh and cooked perfectly. Always a pleasure to dine here....
Delicious food, very affordable. Good service and ambiance.  Recommend quesadilla w/ steak
Drug dealers aren't perfect. Thankfully, there's Walgreens. #DrinkTussin
Fun! Great views over the whole city! Cheap little ride up and back down. Worth it!
Great buffet lunch great price great food highly recommend the buffet it's $9.99 great deal.
I'm still dreaming of going back there, possibly the best coffee I've had in Montreal!!
Ordered pickup on the phone. Waited for an hour and  they haven't even started to cook? Wtf?
Food was good.  Restrooms are very dirty and not maintained-broken toilet and toilet paper holder.
Quick and easy to set up an appointment. Fast and no fuss service. Warranty included. Thank you!!!
Great food. Good service!  If you are new to the Surprise area this place  is a must.
Amazing and super fresh food and the staff are always awesome! Just take heed, the hot sauce is hot!
Great place to enjoy great company with great drinks and food yeah he Wahoo yippee:) :)
Ten minutes for a Mc Muffin. This is ridiculous, I would of had faster service at a resturant.
Been there twice. Great food but buy the wine by the bottle.
Great food and even better drinks, especially late at night.
This is my family's go to spot.....Fish Fridays...Burgers...Gyros....you won't be disappointed...
fairly poor. Need for seniority. not exactly a pretty store.
Mediocre pho. Not much I can say - if you want viet food, this is an option.
It's clean. It's relatively new. It's a good taco bell and you can sleep here if you want to
Absolutely loved the atmosphere, definitely will be my new go to place for my pedicures!
One word: YUM. Bring a bottle of wine and come here. The food is FABULOUS!
Friendly and helpful staff. Dr. Badall and Marisol are awesome! Definitely coming back.
This place takes you way back and puts you in the actual movie. Nice set up with great memories!
Really good! Closest thing I've had to fish and chips from London.
Great food, relaxing atmosphere and the staff is great. Little pricey but worth every penny.
Love this place!! nice vibe, great food, delicious beer, and AJ IS AWESOME!!!!
so good, double date night 4 of us we ordered few different things and everything was amazing!
Reminded me of New York. I loved it and the food was very good. Definitely going back in the future.
Good, but disappointed with very limited menu. Cool atmosphere & enjoyed the large bar area.
Awesome atmosphere, good drink (Hard palmer)
Great $12 lunch to go! If you press it really tight, you can get 2 portions lunch :)
Stopped in for the first time and got a Thai milk tea and chocolate waffle. Very good
Locked myself out and called for help. They were quick to respond. Very friendly tech.
Simply delish with great atmosphere red ale is great. Service was nice and fast for lunch
Excellent AYCE sushi!! Good variety and flavor. Will definitely return for our next sushi fix.
my 2nd time here, service is great. food is good. my boyfriend and i love this place
Pretty cool place. Somewhat pricey for families.
my 21 months old daughter got charge 17.95 for all u can eat? this place is starving for money
They take forever to release and to admit. Not a good place to be. But don't drink and drive people.
nice scenery, great food.
I love this place. Food is amazing, afordable and service is awesome. Love you guys!
Really delicious food!  We enjoyed the pancit and lumpia most of all.  Will be going back for sure.
Lors du happening Mtl , table d'hote honnete, deco mur de brique et lumieres tamis es. Jolie place.
Absolutely the best steak and chicken sandwiches that I've ever had anywhere! Great grill flavor!
As expected I got a great cut from Sierra. Flexible hours. Good hair products. Off street parking.
Jenny is fabulous. I had a pedicure and acrylic nails done and I would recommend her to anyone.
Free pool... chill place...  tea selection awesome place and in town....yeeeaah
Always a great experience.  Food is amazing with a excellent variety of spices.
Best coffee and pastries I have found. Really like the ambiance and is fun to meet friends.
ok BBQ HAVE had better but this isn't kansas dorothy... small portion for a 13$ lunch.
The dental staff is friendly and efficient. The dentist is very good and has a good sense of humor.
Excellent views. Good food. Friendly staff. Extensive wine cart from all over the world
Great place to dine with family and to feast on basic Mexican food.
Absolutely amazing Ramen, best I've ever had!
19.95 all you can eat! Friendly service that's close to home is always welcome.
ford motor co satisfied my problem and I recommend gaudinford service
Brisket is best ever! Wings and pulled pork are awesome too.
The preeminent karaoke bar in Lakewood, for good or bad.
$35.00 per person very classy food bomb crab leggs~! gelato ice cream
Overpriced, beat-up merchandise.  No bargains here.  A waste of time.
One of the best Chinese restaurants I've eaten at since moving here from Montana.
One of my favorite breakfast spots in Vegas! Love the chilaquiles and the atmosphere!
Good spot.  Healthy menu flavorful offerings.  The biggest issue was the men's bathroom it was nasty
Come here every week, love the atmosphere. Food is amazing, try their buttermilk pancake
Mineral beach is open every day from 11 till 7
Good prompt and service for looks and out of town era they were fast and certified r
It's hilarious how bad this place was. Obviously, they have been inflating their ratings.
Get anything on the menu; it will be great. If you hate the line, call ahead and order for takeout.
Can't beat taco tuesday... $1.25 fish tacos after 2:30pm.  Good salsas.  Overall great value.
Great food and drinks! Loved the ambience. Certainly will go back! Service was a bit slow though
Good and simple concept. They have a couple of soups and salads. Everything looks fresh and clean.
love their teri chicken and mac salad, brings me right back to hawaii
Overrated. Overhyped. Overpriced. The only good thing about this place is the view. Don't recommend.
Scooters is absolutely the best way to end a perfect day at the beach!!! Everything is delicious!!
well-executed upscale pub food with a twist. great beer selection. extremely fair prices.
Overated. Food basic because "farm fresh." Service lacking. Patio is dirty and chaotic
Second visit awesome experience, loving it, yummyyy. I got a free bowl for checkin, yeeeeeee
Quick service, friendly people, fair price, and a yelp coupon. Does not get any better.
Good food at a reasonable price for a steak house.
Great food and not pricey! Always try to get my girlfriend to take me when I'm visiting her
Two words:  mango salsa.    That is my entire review.
Best and biggest burgers in Tempe, a must do when in downtown Tempe.  Build one in Ahwatukee!
Incredible AYCE Sushi house...  Chefs and servers are the best and extremely helpful...  10 Star!
There isn't a better donut in Arizona. Love their classic glazed.
Fun staff. Sit at the bar. Mamacita burger add egg was awesome
Always nice and fresh food when delivered. I love this place :) their fries are so good!
Excellent Chinese food huge portions, is now my new fav Chinese delivery!!! Keep up great work!!!
The food is so yummy!  Service was great and the Tiramisu was absolutely heavenly.  I will return!
I moved from NY they helped switched everything over with ease.
Great sushi. Lots of small plates both hot and cold. Get the agonies roll
Wow , the best chile relleno i ever had ! The beans and rice were so good like homemade .
 pizza Vegas 10 Secret Pizza  pizza    
Rose was lovely. Gave me a great well needed pedicure. Fantastic service, very happy.
I love this place food is amazing, always. Staff is super friendly and online ordering is simple!
Great local joint and our go to place for Greek food. Fresh food, delicious and friendly staff
Great service! And great people! I go here for my annual eye exams and they do a fabulous job!
Eddie did a great job with both my vans! 3 and 4 are coming soon
Breakfast is GREAT!!!  Pancakes and French Toast AMAZING !! Service is GREAT.. Im going up in a week
Small vanilla soft serve with chocolate crunchies... LOVE Carvel!
Good gastropub, my only complaint was they were out of their IPA but great service and atmosphere
Love the food here - very creative and a nice local feel. Can't wait to come back for more.
Food's always great. Service all sucks. I don't know if I'll be back to this location again.
Wonderful food. Always a good buffet. Best homemade mango ice cream. Love going back there.
One of my favorite places great ambiance and always good food.
All around an amazing pizza place! We have had this a few times and it has always been quality food!
Different flavors made inhouse everyday. Can't find flavors like these anywhere else.... Soooo good
Cheapest Cuban cigars anywhere downtown. Bring cash though, no debit or credit.
The food at Friday's is a much better quality than the other similar type chains.
This is a little gem. Great food and a welcoming staff. Ordered five entrees and all were fantastic!
Best italian/pasta experience you're ever going to have away from Italy. Totally recommend.
Great wings, great fries, great customer service! Best wing place I've found in the valley!
Great food!  Pleasant staff.  The food offered a flavorful break from the ordinary meal.
Best pizza in Pittsburgh! We ordered four pizzas and I love everything! Coming back for sure!
Decent prices. Easy to order. This area has been needing a place like this for a long time.
Knowledgeable,professional, and reliable- I won't use anybody else for my plumbing problems!
It was very fresh. Best tacos were the shrimp amd the fried cod! Will return to try some specials :)
Great location...Very comfortable and low-key.  Great spot located in Brevard Court!
Eric was thorough, professional and left and open dialogue to answer all my concerns. Great service.
Military discount, kids menu  Otherwise standard mexican restaurant.
Golden Corral has better Quality food.
bad food and bad service - food not fresh - not cooked properly - servers were rude
Downtown shining with this place.  Great job on decor and food.  Ill be back
Delicious hot dogs, from plain casing dogs, to corn dogs, vegan menu, salads, kids menu and a bar.
Food & service is cosistently good. Not the typical bar food. One of our regulars in Ocotillo area.
I can always count on an appointment at the time I want. Courtney does the best eye brow wax ever!
Smells like farts in there..... But still an awsome place for all your fireworks and part needs.
GREAT SERVICE!!! I had a blow out and a missing spare tire and they took excellent care of me!
love this place, great beer, food and atmosphere. the seasonal beer is always good
It's a great place for a good bowl of Pho Thai! I've missed this from my SoCal roots.
As far as Toronto goes, this is great sushi. The place is nice & the service is friendly & fast.
Great place for big beers and good times!
The food tastes good! But I waited a long time to get the food . That's the only drawback
Not good company that will try get money for everything! Trust me please don't use them!
Nice store. No fuel so not sure why Yelp has it listed as a 'Gas Station'.
They Suck! Employees that do a rush job and always leave the windows dirty. I'm looking else where.
Chopped Salad was fabulous, as was the lamb burger. Service was top rate.
best cajun food in az. if u love hot!!! food. then ask for tip's spicy 10
Great inexpensive nail place near the strip.  They did a great job and super friendly.
Pretty good food. A bit overpriced though. Probably won't return unless we're meeting someone.
good food bad service! recommend just doing take out!
Yummy crepes and coffee! The owners are super nice! My friends enjoyed our first visit!
First visit. Apps were awful. Food was just okay. Service was horrible. Will not be back.
Worth the wait, ramen and pork belly were excellent. Will definitely eat here again !!
Sarah is awesome!  She helped me get a jump on my weight loss and is super patient.
Amazing!  The classes are awesome, the instructors great, and it's worth every penny!
First eating here and it was so yummy. I had the Banana's Foster pancakes. Delicious.
absolutely worth it. course was challenging and in great shape
Just ok. The craft drinks were really good but the food was just ok.
Marshall saved our road trip when the AC went out. His service and character were really impressive.
We've had great experiences both times we've been to dinner. Good food, service and ambiance!
Pretty good food, real ice cream, clean restaurant, friendly staff. Price was $50 for four of us.
My dog Jack spent Labor Day weekend here and came home happy and tired from all the play time
Beautiful  place, cute little ahops and  restaurants . I love walking there just for the scenery.
Have to visit again to try different food before I give a full review...
The absolute best milk tea with boba!!!  Simply amazing!  The service is top notch.
Come on! What more do you need? This place is great and we Phoenicians are so lucky to have LoLos.
You can never go wrong with a black and tan and wings at George and Dragons. Good music, Good Vibes.
Very disappointed!   Sparse menu, VERY slow service, and mediocre food.
I literally love this place.  Best tacos in the city hands down and excellent service to boot.
Menu has changed, food OK, no kid balloons. floors slippery when wet, servers did a very cute dance.
Good crepes, fast service. Its a small place, but friendly and good for a quick breakfast.
Excellent place for breakfast and brunch! Delicious food! The smashed avocado toast is excellent!!
Great breakfast and STRONG coffee! Parking in the attached garage can be a challenge, though.
Great service.  Great food.  Great prices.  Great everything.  Raising Canes is the greatest!
Great atmosphere, very good food. Call for a reservation if you want to have a table on weekends.
Service impeccable. Ambiance d contract e et agr able. Mon exp rience a  t  tr s bonne.
Excellent service and food is very good, you really can't go wrong with anything you order.
Cool new spot on East Blvd. Can't beat the chicken salad, but the pasta salad is pretty good too.
Best falafel in town! I absolutely love it. Their veggie burger is also good. Yum Yum!
Cracked granite on install, never repaired. This is shoddy workmanship and disorganized cluelessness
My absolute favorite place for mani/pedi in AZ.  Jeniza and her team will NOT let you down!!
This is the best Korean BBQ out there! Everyone needs to come here. Scott and Rafaela are the best!!
Great food, great portions and always consistent! Love their noodles and combo meals! Thanks!
If you want real Puerto Rican food with no frills this is it! Easy, reasonable and delicious!
EXCELLENT family style Italian!
Great pedicures. Really took the time to do it right. Thanks so much for the excellent service.
They sell fake designer items as the real deal! Do not walk even into this shxt hole!
Staff is extremely friendly! Lana does the best nails!! The best SNS in Phoenix :)
Pricey.  Quality is good.  Just go to Fisherman's club house. Same food for cheaper price.
Love them. There locations is small. But taking a pie home for dinner makes my night!
So friendly, great place to chill with the guys. Solid selection & great people.
Recently raised their prices. On very mediocre food. And sometimes hard to find staff.
My hubby had a burger while I had a poutine and they were juicy and delicious! Soo good.
Absolutely perfect brunch, along with great service. Be sure to try their pot of bread!
The berry good doctor is one of my favorite drinks of all time! All the flavors combine so nicely.
Jodie makes The Absolute BEST soy chai latte in town!!
Good people, great job. If you need wheels and tires these guys are knowledgeable and professional.
Yummy burgers, fries & huge onion rings. Fun beach type decor. Glad to have found them on Yelp!
Winn was amazing she took her time and was very patient! She gave me exactly what I want
This place - - - has decent Pad Thai.  Pricey for dinner, OK for lunch.
The food is really good but the service still needs improvements! The place is nice and modern.
Easiest car buying experience I've had! Was out of there in a timely manner. Love my new used car!
Tried it, loved the food. Great price for the quantity of food you get. Friendly staff.
Good wings. New favorite delivery restaurant! Open super late so convenient for a late night snack.
Good hotdogs, burgers and fry combinations. Corn dogs always good.
Very nice place  would recommend to try it bariety on menue   drinks were very good and heneeous
Crowded but the food is heavenly! The restaurant being closed on Mondays seems strange
Good pizza, lots of choice. I buy from here more than from the big names now.
If you want some fast chicken, skip the kFC, el pollo loco, church's and head over here.
Very unsatisfied with customer service. Rude, unhelpful, and inconsiderate. Will never go to again.
Love puff and fluff! Such a welcoming and fun place to take your fur baby. Henry will be back!
Good food  always hot and best of all $5.50 lunch special.Owner is great he gave soda for free
The best. very nice ambiance . Most importantly the food is delicious, plus the lemonade amazing
BEST KOREAN BBQ in Toronto! Enough Said. The meat is thick and portions are big. A MUST TRY1
good drinks, nice atmosphere, sometimes crazy packed but all in all i dig it!!
ok prices, barely ok food, works in a pinch.
Nice selection,  calming ambiance, great service.  So glad to have a place like this in waunakee.
Can't say I was impressed. Margarita wasn't very good. Had to ask for everything including utensils.
Amazing company. With awesome people working there. Prices are literally the best I've ever seen.
Great shawarma sandwich. Loves the atmosphere authentic hole in he wall with a great import market.
hip place, great food.  nice decor.
Venerated veggie bowl is always delicious. Love the salads too!
It's very yummy!! Very friendly staff and you get to try as many flavored as you want!!
I order delivery from here often.  The orders are always correct and the food is great.
Horrible service, horrible margaritas, horrible food.. Bummed bc I do love Bbq and margaritas !!!
Great bead shop!!! Ladies are the best. Great claases. Go check out their store!
Great job fixing my iPhone screen only took about 30 mins & It was ready when I came back !
Food is very good but service is rarely anything above average. Overall a nice place to hang out
Thank you Claire for the wonderful service. She went above and beyond and was so easy to talk to!
Great pitas, and the number 2 smoothie is the best best. Clean and good customer service.
Awesome vibe!  Great beers as well and you can even get your own order filled and canned to go
Great healthy fresh choices. Friendly staff. Very tasty!
Sympathique caf  au coeur de Villeray! Service impeccable, caf  d licieux et menu vari .
I love their salad. It's so good even without the dressing. Healthy and good but a lil pricey.
This place is excellent!  I come here every time i'm in town for business.  Love it!!
Come Check out Club Cafe Brunch for the Ultimate brunch experience:)
Loved it!! Great panini and coffee. Also their chocolate chip & pecan cookie was to die for!
Love this golf coarse, great for everyone and has some challenging holes but otherwise not bad.
Staff was very nice, treatment was quick and effective.
Good place for special occasion. Ontario beer is good. Try it. We had fish, shrimps and chiken.
Longest wait to check out. Employees see the problem and do nothing. Only 2 lanes open.
So fun!  Decent prices and great entertainment.  One of the best places on Mill.
Great Service. Great Food. Always fresh.  Always Polite. I'm a Regular Customer!
Food was really good but the service could be better. Would definitely give the place another shot.
Great food, and a till close food and drink happy hour. The service was very good too.
Solid choice for breakfast.  Wasn't outstanding, but definitely better than average.
Food is alway great, and staff are wonderful! We love the vibe at this establishment!
Great Chili Soup Hard to find and pleasant Servers make it a pleasant dining experience
The most disgusting unprofessional racist people I ever met in my life please don't support
Great sushi and a quiet atmosphere. Service can be a bit slow if its busy but worth the wait
Excellent service, knowledge and responsiveness. I would absolutely recommend Melissa and her team.
fabulous! great food and great service. I love the peppered bacon omelet!
if you can ignore the moody servers, you'll enjoy the pizza here.
Always preferred Tom's for gyros (for years) until I finally tried this place. Love it!
Been here a few years now, great place to get a workout, daycare for the kids a plus.
Have been using this business for years. Can rely on them to do only needed repairs at fair price.
Stetson salad. Literally that's all you need to know. Get it with the salmon. Amazing.
Great ambiance.  Good views.  Food was amazing.  I recommend the filet.   Service is exemplary.
lemon & garlic pepper wings are some of the best in the valley!
Not your everyday restaurant but a fun experience.  You really never know what's coming out next!
Open 7 days a week. Friendly service with yummy treats ranging from sweet to savory.
I really like the food, great service, just a little overpriced for Bacon and eggs.
Best And Most Professional Barbershop In Las Vegas.
Their new release - the cucumber margarita beer, is awesome! I will definitely be back to try more.
Decent food, friendly service, but a little over-priced.
Lovely staff served fresh homemade pastries and breakfast panini. We returned the next morning!!!!
Great food!!!! Everything is made from scratch and couldn't come from a nicer woman. Must try.
Always an amazing experience coming to Sami's! The service is great and every employee is on point!
Place was pretty good. Not the best sushi I've ever had bit also not the worst
I'm usually one of those people that thinks "a burger's a burger" but DAMN this burger is good.
Another Calgary gem hidden near the motel village.
Great food and reasonable prices. The service was good but got a bit slower as they got busier.
Awesome food. Filling portions. Def get the red velvet pancakes if u got a bit of a sweet tooth
I have to say, i am really not impressed with this place.  Service was spotty, the food was sub par.
What a great place to take your family or a date! Super clean and staff is always nice.
A dive bar for 50+. Not a hang out for new comers. Very small and everyone knew each other.
Sorry but the woman working here is rude but maybe because she is working the Labor Day weekend?
Fast and friendly service just in time for summer. Only pool company I trust.
The food was delicious and the service was great. You should try the pork bun sandwich
Years of consistently great food and professional service - a go to spot for all occasions
This coffee is strong and smooth.  Excellent flovor.  Excellent atmosphere with plenty of seating.
Best wings in AZ as of now. I lived in Memphis and these are the closest there is in the 480/602!
My favorite local sushi spot! The steakhouse is excellent and very reasonably priced as well.
Whoohoo!  My favorite Theaters!    Love the Camelview and Fashion Square locations
Great service, staff and owner was really nice and welcoming! Love the hookah and happy hour prices
Super friendly and welcoming! Love that they can smog my vehicle for such a reasonable price!
I give 4 stars for the sides- sweet potato was amazing!!!! I wish they had boneless fried chicken.
This is a favorite of my family! You have never had   icees like this! Try the chocolate. :)
Always friendly and I get great service every time! Recommend this place for every auto need!
Very unprofessional style, I could have done better.  Not sure if she was new or just not very good.
Had to cancel the appointment because they were an hour and a half late. Craigslist disappointment.
Alyson is my friend.    Place is awesome definitely coming back! Great service and an awesome vibe!
Don't like the new location at all. It feels wrong. Food and service are good.
Great food and good service. The drinks are especially nice. Order the Mango Mango.
A fantastic new restaurant. We love it! Mussels and Black and Blue Steak are fabulous!!!
Awesome service and very reasonable! Trust this mechanic he is honest and efficient. Go to Changs!
Great wings and burgers. Service good. They make sure everything is spot on. Clean. Good atmosphere.
Had the tuna salad sandwich and green iced tea.  Five + stars.  Love this place.
Great food, Had the soccer game on top it off. I'll be back next time I'm in Phoenix.
Amazing food good service big portions! Love their loco moco! And their chicken and teriyaki!
The worst coffee on the strip, but cheaper than the buffets. It's a Denny's with the usual fare.
Food was excellent! The atmosphere was was interesting and fun! Loved the tacos and salsa!
Was not happy with the recipe, chicken 65 was like fried chicken , vada paw was also not that great
Only ate here twice. Would've liked to eat here more but they didn't pick up the phone.
Posted one star and researched type of oil after response from Cobblestone.  I stand corrected.
Just ordered crispy pata but the balat is makunat...other than that the food is great...
Old design taco bell gives you that circus clown in a car feeling
Great entertainment with live Cuban music. The food is delicious and the service very friendly.
1 hour and 50 minutes to receive a cold gelatinous pizza. They think this is acceptable.
Good food. Reasonable prices. Easy to order online. No complaints.
Wow this place so good one of the best places to get sushi definitely would recommend it.
Very cute place with nice barostas and tons of books to choose from. Great selection of loose tea
Very fast and pleasant. Great pedicure and powder dip manicure. Will definitely be back!
AMAZING bartenders that work here  , great atmosphere love Halo bar! Best Bar in Las Vegas!!!
Everything you want from a restaurant like this. Excellent comfort food and our server was great.
Pear cider on tap and great ground beef quesudilla's!!!!
very cozy, good portions and great service. you really must try their dessert Majoon.
Awesome drinks and food. Great spot before or after a suns game and they have live music most nights
Ramen here is always delicious !! Got the butter added to the thin noodle it was so yummy !!!
One of the best in Scottsdale.  They treat you like royalty!!!
Delicious, flavorful and a perfect blend of spices. The Chicken Biriyani is really tasty!
Love this place, only market I go to stock up on produce!
Friendly tellers, always good service
Delivered early, great food, great prices and very friendly service! Grateful for this place.
Delicious BBQ with really good quality meats and lots of unlimited sides. Such a cozy atmosphere!!
I like coming here to get my nails and feet done.  They do a great job and are very attentive.
Worst customer service and most unreliable internet connection. By far the worst internet provider.
Amazing space, service and food. Actually, the food was not amazing. It was heavenly.
Som Tom and Pad Thai are my favorite dishes. Restaurant has nice decorations on walls. Great staffs!
Nice and easy, no frills meals. Flap jacks ROCK..
Good local sports bar with good service, food and they grill the wings.
Love the atmosphere here! Fireplaces, spacious booths and great bartenders. Get the Moscow Mule!
Bagel, French Roast Coffee 3x a week!
Great place, really good food and best value! Happy hour and value menu till late almost every day.
Always great portions.  I have been there for lunch and dinner.  Atmosphere is unique.
Lynn and her staff are consistently excellent. Customer service is so good too!  We love coming here
Best place to get cut flowers in the west GTA
Great healthy airport food. Very creative, I had a chicken quinoa salad! Upbeat staff.
Bison Poutine. That is all. Incredible. Try their house-made drinks too.
Good place to watch a game in an extremely casual atmosphere.  Decent food.
The food and service was great at Fleming's. I would go back to it again.
Prix abordables, j'y vais pour le falafel, les sandwichs Tempehtation et le Kebab.  Bon service
Fantastic, saved over 30% compared to other auto parts stores on the clutch kit I bought.
Great food. Friendly service! I am very impressed with this place. Surpassed all of my expectations
The best I've had outside of my home state of Hawaii. Ultra authentic, clean and delicious.
Nicole is the best ever always nice .... not to mentioned sexy as !!!!!!  JUST SAYING ;)
Sorry  Kids it's closed!!  Its soooo sad they were barely open ..
Good desserts and nice cool, calm atmosphere!
Always good food here! Great southern comfort food at its finest!
Can't wait to use them on my next move in March.
The Hog & Chick breakfast was great! Loved the homemade strawberry jam for the wheat toast!
Good Pizza, Good Price, Friendly staff, Large slices.
Fantastic authentic food. The beef and green chili tacos are wonderful. Good salsa bar
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSsssssushi San is so Yummy! if your in the area check it out, you'll be glad you did!
The best shrimp tacos.  Lots of big plump shrimp in each taco and the sauce on the taco is yummy!!!
Delicious food but slow when preparing orders for delivery.
So much better! Mark is amazing with sushi!  Love the atmosphere and delicious offerings!
Very nice place . Fabulous chicken , not to expensive and give a lot for your money !!!
Delicious waffles! You absolutely must get a waffle with cookie butter ice cream on top!
Oktoberfest! Got pumpkin roll and a Belgium Wheat. Great service and friendly environment!
Love the Beer Rita and the Cheddar Burger with sweet potato fries. It was delicious.
Awesome school shout out to Mr. And Mrs Knox . Great school if you looking to become a barber!!
Arty was awesome. The night was cold and the stories were chilling.
A coworker told me that this place was good. The prime rib lived up to his recommendation.
Salmon and crean cheese capers tomato and onion bagel. I feel compkete. Love Einstein's.
Andrew Daye and Chris Bach are the best in town! Such a easy process. 10/10 would recommend
Great quality. Great customer service. Great pricing. Can't get mad at that warranty. Thanks guys!
Order the John Holmes Special. It's a great deal for 1:50. The hotdog and coke tastes good.
Rhonda is our usual server. She is amazing, we get fast service and good food. Best server
Best. Ramen. Ever. I suggest the Tonkatsu ramen and the kimchi fried rice. Soooo delicious.
Gras, peu vari , fra cheur discutable. Son pendant de la rue St-Denis fait bcp mieux.
Gabby did a terrific job!  A great place to watch the Golfers come in off 18.
The management team is awesome dwane cook thanks for always being so kind and helping us!!!
Quite crowded with visitors and very nice music. Awesome!
Absolute best meal and beer I've had In my life. Food? 11/10 beer 10/10 people? Even better.
I got a loco moco the patty was hard this place is not the same from wen they first open
Thank you for the great repair on my vintage Gucci bag!!!
Just awesome! Classic barber shop experience for my hubby :) I loved the way they did his beard!
Very good service, lots of help to be offered. Super cute store and a central location!
Okay, business trip and eating a buffet alone..let's see how it goes
Great attraction if you're interested in the history of the city.
LOVE! Went here for my birthday and it's totally worth it and a totally fun experience!
Great staff, great ingredients, great pizza! I would recommend Lucci's place to anyone!
Best Seafood Mexican food in all AZ!!!! Love love this place!!!! Try the Toritos!!! Omg Soo good
Had ribs & fries - outstanding.  VG service - friendly & attentive. Spotless.  Will return soon.
Excellent food, spotless restaurant.  Order anything, it's delicious.
Great carne asada tacos!! Wine selection is nice as well. Outlets available, lots of single seats :)
Excellent.  Fast, fair, efficient.  Loaded our 27 foot truck for us.  Thanks!
The food was outstanding, the atmosphere was awesome and our server, Leon, was great!
Not impressed. We paid full dinner price but no uni and no Toro just typical Nigiri sushi plates.
The comedy show they had was really great for the price $5. It lasted for around an hour and a half.
Solid sub. Best sub out there for chain restaurants.
Very large menu with lots of great food. Attentive staff and cold beer. Great combination
Seeta was absolutely amazing! She was super talkative and made me feel very comfortable.
Ribs are good. But this place is waaaaaay overpriced. Go to Rolling Smoke it's better and cheaper
Fast, friendly and exceptional work. Couldn't be more pleased. Process was smooth.  Great job.
Nice, comfortable atmosphere. Sharon is a great stylist and amazing colorist.
Love the grilled cheese! Deserts are very good.
Love the Greek salad with chicken.
Love this place,it's a little pricey and the music a little to loud,but food is great
Delicious pastries! Although a bit pricey.
Great BBQ! AMAZING nachos. Fun decor and atmosphere. Better for lunch.
Love this park.  We went with a bunch after a family lunch and everyone had a great time.
The Pho was great. Really liked it I wish that the cut of meat was a little better,but it was great
Good food, fast service. Carnitas are so good. Perfect breakfast potatoes. Great start to our trip!
Bon poulet portuguais grill  et frites, bonne portions   prix tr s raisonnable. Service rapide.
BEST SUSHI! Free soup and ice cream. I like tempura.
Quick and easy with friendly staff! No insurance or appointment required which is super convenient.
i recommend dining here during Thursday - Polynesian night!  Try the roasted pig / lechon yum yum!
I liked the egg foo yong but the food in general is not consistent.
Perfect every time.
Not a huge fan of the new beet salad. It wasn't awful it's just that the predecessor was delicious.
Love this place! I got the cream and rainbow sprinkles! Blue coconut I think was the flavor! YUM!
Great place! Come here before the comedy show. Great decor, great service. Highly recommend
Best ramen in Vegas. Eating here for 6 years. Recommended to all my friends and out if towners.
Defy five star  Best service ever !Everyoneare soooo passion and sweet  LOVVVVVE 
Large portions, very tasty.  Clean  premises. Friendly staff. Very reasonable prices.
great for family with young childrens!! great class program for kids and swimming pool!!
Had to get some new tires in a hurry. I came in at 5:30pm and they got me taken care of.
If your menu has pasta as one of the mains it should come to the table hot, not lukewarm.
Love this spa to help clear your mind and focus!
Huge menu, eggcelent and friendly service. Yummy food.
Dinner was very delicious! The service was phenomenal. The cauliflower Au gratin was to die for!
Superb food, slow service....at least they are consistent based on what other customers have said...
Delicious roti! Awesome friendly service. Reasonably priced. My new go to in Pickering!
Such a unique and delicious place! Let the staff order for you and you will be delighted!
This cafe is small, but their food is full of flavor! Try one of their fresh juices. Yum!
Tastey fish tacos with great service in a hip atmosphere. I will be coming back very soon.
Tuna sandwich - healthy Turkey and brie sandwich - healthy  Bottle water - as expected Service - ok
Amazing service and great atmosphere. The food is delicious and the Tom Yum is out of this world.
Excellent food and variety, good service and delicious deserts, the taste of the food was very good.
Its not too busy whenever I go in. Steady traffic. My food has always been good,fresh and hot
Awesome- place is great- feels like Cabo the drinks and food are also great and priced well
First time here and we will be back! Great food, prices, service and overall experience
Great service, friendly staff will encourage to come to this Infiniti instead of Peoria!
Great place, terrific happy hour menu. Nice outdoor space. If you like Bbq, you must try it out!
Always great food and service! Love to have date nights here and the ribeye is fantastic...
Went there for the 1st time last week with my daughter.  Very friendly staff and clean.
This place is great. I'm gonna have to recommend it any who is interested in good sushi
Don't recommend the drive thru. Takes way too long! Drive thru'a are meant to be quick.
Such a sweet place. Great pies. Apple is my fave.  Great service and prices aren't too bad.
Always dirty-tables, floors, booths.  So disappointing as this used to be a favorite of mine.
We selected chef's special Salad Shawarma and it was great. Super friendly and speedy service.
Good breakfast and reasonable prices. Small room but good ambience. Great neighborhood
Yum, whatatreat to have a fresh and clean Whataburger.  Stop in and enjoy.
Horrible unfair company, more to come...
Awesome shop! amazing candles that are hand made in the shop! Great local made art and gifts too!
It's a complete nightmare!!! Zero stars if I could , it shouldn't be this painful to pick up a pizza
Fantastic service! I could make a book about all the good things about this location!
Just the basics.  Nothing fancy here but you can get a pedicure with hot stone massage for $18!
Love this place! Typically minimal wait times and excellent care.  I recommend this place.
Concept good, execution not so good.  Tuna was fishy, beef was dry...won't be going back.
The drinks are tasty and the band was fabulous!  Enjoyed some dancing and visiting with my friends!
The BLT on toasted sourdough with avocado and herb mayonnaise was so good!
Clean, quick and fairly priced for any office supply needs.
Best green curry I've had. Everyone at work raves about this place, and for a good reason.
Our favorite steakhouse when we're in town, the New York steaks are always very good.
Food is great! Beer is cold. Patio is nice during cooler evening months. Fast friendly service.
Truly good quality pad Thai. Fact that it is located in a food court helps to keep prices down.
Hands down the most unprofessional company you will deal with!!!!! Beware they will sell you junk!
My son and I love this place good food, great atmosphere.
Dipping powder ombr  sparkle pink and pure white. Healthier for your nail and easy to take off
I had the PBJ burger like 7 months ago and it is still in my dreams. I want one so bad haha!
Staff was very attentive.  I had lox and cream cheese on an asiago bagel.  Just perfect!
The Monster is BOMB!  1/2 pulled Pork 1/2 Brisket coleslaw hot BBQ jalapenos and pepper jack!  YUM!
Friendly staff, best ambiance to hang out. Fresh food made daily. Worth every penny! A must try!
This place is consistently late on delivery.  What kind of shit show are they running?  Stay away
Best chilis I've ever been too the service is great loved my waitress Ashleigh she's the bomb .com
Their grilled chicken salad is awesome! Grill salmon is so fresh and has great texture!
Carpaccio and Chop Salad were amazing. Dessert menu was a bit limited, so we walked over to Joey.
great lovsl production of musical chicago rivals broadway production not a bad seat in the house
I bought my broccoli cream 2 times a week, but today my cream was water and tasteless.
Spicy Mac and cheeseburger was amazing. It wasn't as spicy as I hoped, but damn was it delicious.
Belle d couverte, par contre un peu bruyant.
Really good for the meat eater. I loved the salsas especially.  I'll definitely be back!
Great atmosphere, amazing food, no Vegas prices. Food is priced very modestly. I recommend!
Great mani pedi place! Nice spa chairs and very clean! Go for the #3 pedi for extra massage.
Walking distance to PNC park and great area around hotel for dinner n drinks. They do valet also
Octopus was great, chopped salad is a must, and their manhattan is amazing.
Best Korean place in the Cleveland area so far.
Great food and we really appreciated there being kid friendly options here!! Good find!
The best! I always get a ton of compliments on Kelly's work! I've been coming to her for years!
Great burger and the onion rings were fantastic! With a groupon it's even bettter.
Ordered delivery: Yellow curry was very good and rich. I also liked that it had potatoes in it!!
Ox-tail soup three huge chuncks and a few small ones portion was good.  Saimin is awesome.
Excellent selection of produce - fresh fruits at great prices!
Excellent food and service, best value on all u can eat sushi and teppanyaku, fusion roll must try.
Fantastic all American menu with airport burgers, salads, soups and country breakfasts to dinners.
Adrienne is the best! The only negative is it's a bit pricey for gel mani and pedi it was $90.
Nice atmosphere to enjoy your morning coffee and start your day. Pricey but worthed
Wow!! What can I say. Tommy is the MAN! hooked us up with a hot dozen. Got to try these!
Grade: C+  Surprisingly decent. Fantastic martinis make this food taste better.
Pizza was just so-so but a great escape from all the casino and Vegas strip craziness.
Do you like meat? Go eat here. Try all the sauces. Be prepared to wait. It will be worth it.
I ordered chicken curry and it's really good, just right spice, definitely coming back here
Love this place. Good wings, good service, low wait times, good prices!
Great service, price well and most importantly food is 8-9/10 most of the time, highly recommend
Nice atmosphere and pretty good food but I really miss the late night hours.
Hidden gem! Every dish is delicious and fresh! Best wonton soup ever!!! Try this place now!
If you want jerk in the hood this is your place.  Real deal and price is good to.  Just a takeout.
Went with coworkers after work. It was fully packed. The food is really good with nice portion.
Sloooooowwwwwwwww. Couldn't believe how long it took to be served below mediocre food.
Fast, friendly service, delicious food.  The Chicken Maklouba was fantastic!
I love Krispy Kreme and this location is sways fast but I'm not a fan of the location.
Great place for inexpensive and unique gifts.  Then also an ice cream and candy parlor.
Great ramen, good sushi :)  Good bar area and service. Plenty of parking.
Two for $5 boba is the best deal!! Love this place! Lychee all the way!
So good and affordable. The bread sticks are the bomb. Must try the pizza it's amazing.
Just ok. Nothing super impressive. Food was good, not great. Nice atmosphere but wouldn't go back.
Love their drive thru crew! Super nice and quick.
Great food. The spinach salad is great. Price is a little on the high side.
Great place for movies! YaY!
great food, great fun country atmosphere. a little pricey but the food is worth it.
Even though XS is not new anymore, it's still one of my favorite clubs to go to!
Great deli sandwiches that are easily enough for two.
Great old school barbershop. Nice cuts and service. Ask for Stella. A guys shop, not for women.
Refreshing. Great ice. Great customer service. Sugar free option.  Glad it's close to the house.
Such good food and exceptional service.   We love Stars of India  and eat here once a week
One of the few locations that still has Satisfries. They have my business before other BKs.
 
Great food, atmosphere, service and selections. Culvers has one of the best burgers you'll ever try.
Enjoy the chicken waffles and sweet tea. Service was good.
Great place to get your eyeglass prescription filled!
MY FAVOURITE INDIAN RESTAURANT! Enough said!
The best selection, prices & the staff are very knowledgable. They even have a free wine chiller!
Great casino to gamble in if you love really LOUD  techno music blasting non-stop in your ears.
Love it, spa day for me! Hello Mani Pedi , Jen and Bianca! Wax by Angie, Hair by Sanjie!
Inconsistent service, average food.....I've had better at Chipotle.....  Won't be back.
Had the shrimp and mussels with the corn fritters. All delish! Off the strip but way worth it!
Love this place for a good sandwich! The afghani is my favorite! The atmosphere is layed back
Great prices, love that things are in stock, and Mike Thomas was awesome to work with!
Amazingly rude staff!!!! 0 patience ! I wanted to switch to Verizon but staff was horrible !!!
For the quality : price ratio, you're better off making the trip to Marathon instead.
Great place, fantastic service too! Ask your server for a recommendation; you won't be disappointed.
Not bad for the price.  Better chicken fingers than the other fast food "chicken" strips.
Food was way too oily. Over priced and small portions. Got pretty sick from all the oil.
I had a HUGE Meat Calzone with a Coke. Price was reasonable.
Wash and blow dry ok. Pleasant guy. Would not return for cut or "style."
This place rocks! The food, service and staff. Great Barbecue and at a great price.
Andy is the best and the sushi is very fresh. I wish they had unagi bowls though
Opening Night for the Lion King was amazing. Thank you Overture for bringing the show in town.
Best sushi place in the entire PHX area. Great food, drinks, service and atmosphere.
LOVE their SukhoThai Pad Thai... a bit pricy but great for those birthday/celebratory dinners.
Great place to live.....Very polite staff
Fun little place- great views.. The DJ was pretty good.. Good starting place.
The sex bars! Great little dive bar with great company! Just a tad too loud for my liking. LaVern
Bad service up front - do not bring any young children here.  Better off at Strip Steak
Excellent. Great food, great service. Busy on a Friday morning, obviously others know about it.
French Dip was very good They got a good breakfast too
Bacon board and apple pie moonshine. Nuf said.
I've gotten drunk here more than I can't remember. Stiff drinks. Ryan is a cutie. Sean is a cutie.
good food, nice place, but better if you have a reservation
Served in mini dishes and totally worth the $$! Unique, high quality foods!
Had to ask for water, refills on salsa and barely had any interaction with our waiter.
Good Pep. pizza, polite staff, nice insides, we will be going back!
A Bit expensive and didnt have much flavor compared to other healthy food places i have been to.
Really like the egg benny there. Nice atmosphere, good food, good service.
Very flavorful, large portions. Definitely worth the wait if you're going through the drive through.
This location no longer exists. The listed phone number is for the 24335 Chagrin store.
Great food,  horrible,  ghetto service. They never answer the phone or keep accurate hours
Coffee smells like chemicals and benzene.  How can they serve it and don't know about it?
Great hotel. Very clean. The cookie was delicious. I'd go back.
Quite disappointed that half of the doughnuts on the menu board... they don't make at that location.
A really great place to hang, eat some great food and have drinks. Service is fabulous!
Really good American fare. Really rich - meat, fried, etc. a good place for a large group.
Great sushi spot in Glendale.  Always the freshest fish, lots of unique rolls and fantastic service.
One of my favorite outdoor sitting in Cleveland.  Great food to boot.
The steak is top notch!! Really chill atmosphere. A great place to go with a group!!!
Very nice and friendly...very helpful....she very nice..did a great job with my nails
Dinner with wings, salad, sandwiches.  All delicious!  Nice menu options.
The best in town. My opinion. Great flavour... Great price, fast service too. Always a great meal.
Dan and his team continue to present and create memorable experiences and fantastic food.
The passion fruit of pistachio is definitively a must have! Each layers gives a special taste.
The counter lady is awesome..the food is absolutely wonderful and fast.....and affordable.
good tacos, good drinks. a nice place to have a 5   7 or evening out with friends.
Small Chilean and Mexican restaurant. Great lunch specials. Try their homemade empanadas!
the chili chicken is one of the best in town.   love it and I always have it once a week!
I like this thai restaurant a lot for their pad thai.  Very flavorful.  Consistently good service.
Fresh fish and high quality get the o toro! Great service sat at sushi bar and very fast as well
Great food!!!!! Staff is very friendly.   Fast service!!!  The buffet is worth it!!!!!
Great tasting food and awesome prices.  Come hungry as even a quesadilla is huge.
Cute place, decent food, convenient area close to the hospital.
The turkey avocado panini is so tasty. If this weren't a grocery I would come just to eat that.
Great speedy service, the mechanic Theo is very kind. I'll definitely be back here again
Bomb steak bowl the best "protein place I have been to yet over greens and proteins for sure
Read the reviews ! It's on point  ! Jus experience it !      Evening !Wednesday October 19 !
Absolutely amazing food with great drinks and service.
Excellent service and results with each visit! I haven't missed a Saturday since I joined.
Really great breakfast. This place is always busy! Def try their homemade bread and jam!!
Beer was decent.  Poutine was a disappointment.  Pizza was OK.  All in all, not bad, not great.
Don't go here on a Saturday morning...ridiculously busy and the place smells like up dog.
Great breakfast! Awesome servers, very friendly, yummy food. Will be our fave breakfast place!
I liked the salad bar and the service but the other menu items just aren't our style.
Best source for craft beer in Montreal - very busy place - understandably
Great store and customer service. Only ones to have a breast cancer cane out of 6 stores.
The food was great. Clean restaurant but sometimes line is too long. Their burrito is sooooooo good
Dr. Rusick takes the time to get to know his patients. The receptionist is friendly and helpful.
Big Fan of Hawaiin Food in general, but this place blows L&L out the water!!!! Must try!!!!
dumpling love; wash em down with an ice-cold tsingtao = happiness. Highly recommended.
Great tacos and salsa.  Carnitas, pescado, and goat...and good salsa and roasted jalape os.
This place is awesome! Try the juice bar! Love the watermelon drink! This is my favorite market!
Excellent bowls. I go a couple of times a week and always is a good and delicious experience
Amazing food! Love the skillets. Manager and owners eere excellent hosts! Great experience!
Tried the sandwich a 2nd time, both times Gave me the wrong sandwich. Very disappointed.
We did the wine & food pairing tonight. Great company, had so much fun & Tara kicked ass.
The best!! Great pricing, fast service. Never had any issues. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
People here are too eager to *just watch*. Not a lot of swingers here. Just exhibitionists.
Everything was good, food and service. We will be back soon! I loved my burrito bowl.
Good chinese food a bit pricey though.
This is my third month in a row coming here and I definitely love Suzanne she is amazing.
Been here lots and this wasn't the best. Meat (filet mignon) just not the quality it usually is
Bed bugs in room 135. My kids got attacked. Bed had a red stain in box spring. Enough said.
Very creative menu with traditional fare.
Great food... awesome staff...NEVER DISAPPOINTED with a visit to this great establishment.
Got the Pulled Pork poutine and it was nice and hot.. pretty tasty. Worth the wait in the line up
       St.George 
Great job from this company. Everything went smooth with the install.
Matt's Big Breakfast has great food!!! Our family loves to go on the weekend, but it can be crowded.
Delicious pizza but the service was rude and slow... prices were fair for Vegas
Horrible business man. Don't trust this guy. He plays the let's make a deal game. Dishonest and rude
I split the Donut Burger & PB&J sriracha burger with sweet potatoe totts OMG!!! Amazing!
Good food great service, Tip is the best cook
Fantastic, super quick and friendly service. A great experience! Thanks to Mark for helping me out!
Dill pickle poutine  with dill pickle gravy is amazing! !  It's all amazing! ! Best place in town
I love this place. Who ever opened this place is a genius and has really great taste.
Very calm atmosphere and pleased with customer service. Overall environment is very welcoming.
Best bagel and iced coffee I've had! love the location and atmosphere. Overall very good!
The mac & cheese burger is probably my favorite thing ever!!
Great pizza, good price and above board service. Dano is the man!!!!  The meatballs rock for an app.
Great staff, and a lot of fun. Blizzard (their dog) is also really cool.
Good greasy food. Not as cheap as it used to be but definitely worth getting on occasion.
Consistently Delish! Super friendly and speedy staff! Definitely a hidden Montreal Gem! Great Job!!!
Great salsa. Great food. Great service and great prices. I could mainline their salsa.
Probably one of the best bagels I have had. The chorizo sunrise. Super spicy but so good
Awesome menu, nice bright seating and friendly staff. Grab breakfast or brunch, it's all amazing!
They do very good lion cuts on our Persian  cat Rocky. He looks and smells great :) we will return.
One of my favorite restaurants at Talking Stick great food great drinks and awesome service
I was so surprised at how good the apple pie was and how well the ingredients tasted together
Thai toast and dumplings excellent  Pad Thai Green Curry also very good Service excellent
Extremely friendly staff! Best breakfast in Medina for sure.
It was great We had the Lobster Rolls Maine style, they were delicious.
My wife and are from out of town and had a great time. We will be back !!!!  Thank you
Strawberries, bananas, AND Nutella on a delicious sugar waffle?  So, so good.
Asked staff for the most popular sandwich and it was AMAZING! I can't believe I ate the whole thing!
Fresh meat, fresh fish and everything Bought [huge]half rack of bbq ribs for only $10
I really miss the Bulk lotions and shampoos that I used to buy at Whole Foods in CA
Great food and good service, very clean, and locally owned which we should all support.
Do not order the chorizo!!! it was too spicy & mushy!blah!
Great NY-style.  Grew up in Bklyn and love this stuff.
Pretty nice place and in my opinion it has one of the best poker room.
Good wings shitty service, I was out on hold for 15 minutes just so they could hang up on me
Great place for weekend breakfast or brunch. Freshly squeezed orange juice is a must have.
I bought a veil using their Yelp coupon! Got a great deal. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Good ramen, they had one job and they nailed it!
Pizza un peu l g res et peu garnies
Unpretentious coffee done right. Try to get the armchairs by the window.
Great food. The Won-ton soup is the best you'll ever have. Been going here for many years.
Love Firefly, great tappas and mojitos.  Cant go wrong,
Food and service were great. Steak was exactly as ordered. Make sure to try the Mac and cheese!
Pros: taste is Ok Cons: cash only + each item is more expensive than   the meet fresh in LA & SF.
Tried the dry chili chicken, absolutely loved it. Our server was also the nicest guy.
This is my all-time favorite buffet in the world!  Period.
Clean A Taste A Service A The Area C  Overall 5 stars just be careful not to park far night time.
I was sick and really wanted some soup so I tried this place and it was ok.
A meal of unparalleled mediocrity. Avoid the sushi. Two stars are only bc wait staff is friendly.
The food was amazing and the service was one of the best. Thanks to our server Melisa.
i have been in this resturant mnamy time .each time i try gyros i wnat to try it again and again .
I kept giving it a try. Always a disappointment. U want Banh Mi, don't go here
Decent Fry's location, Pharmacy, Gas Station, Starbucks and two Redboxes outside.
Great sushi place with great prices! Check out everyday happy hour before 7pm everyday!
Service is good here most of the time as is the food, seldomly have issues with slow beer delivery.
food was never delivered at all although driver said he called no call was made
I eat there almost every day!  Great salads and the onion rings are the best!
Donuts made in front of you, covered in sauces and toppings. What more do you need to know. Go now.
Super cute place for breakfast.   Service is great! The food is great! Chia pudding was good.
I really enjoyed this place. Ive had many Detroit coneys and this place took me back there.
Bar none the Best!!!! Rose is fantastic and the Saturday night prime rib is to die for.
Very tasty, classic Chinese food out of the box.
Second location we've been too. Great service and nice inexpensive dessert after dinner nearby.
By far the best sushi in arizona! I drive all the way from glendale just to eat here!
Such a cute, inviting spot! Comfy couches, tasty avocado toast and the best soy latte I've ever had.
I took my mom and she said it's the best message she ever had!
This location has moved to 10403 Park Rd Charlotte NC 28210.
Great place for breakfast.  My husband loved his pancakes.  The coffee was exceptional.
KFC has seriously gone down hill .WAYY over priced .will stick with Churchs chicken from now on
Simply the best bagels anywhere. Nothing comes close to a fresh Bialy's bagel.
Amazing hair stylist & knows her stuff. Will be my only hair stylist as long as she's doing it.
Delicious food, great service! Highly recommend! Worth the walk from Fremont for sure
New location is a much needed upgrade from the old location. Solid food with great portion sizes.
Great atmosphere, service and delicious sandwich! I had the build your own breakfast sandwich YUM
You have not done your bucket list unless you savor the bakery of Amelie's
I love this place. The atmosphere is cozy and the drink selection is varied and plentiful.
Really great flavors and courteous staff. Great happy hour menu. My new favorite sushi spot.
I don't know why they call it fast lane when an oil change on a weekday can take over 3 hrs.
Very nice club, atmosphere. Great music definite Vegas hot spot
Great Place Wide Variety of Games and emplyees were experienced players.
Great new addition to downtown Chandler! Edamame is so good! Great vibe and service. Check it out!
Amazing location near our hotel. Great service. Delicious pancakes and just a nice environment
Accommodated our large party of 8 adults and 2 kids very well for lunch. Good menu all around.
Got there 15 minutes before closing and they refused to make my drink and were fairly rude about it.
This place close to my house, love to come at night. Sometime I saw lot of popcorn on the floor....
bon service, d licieuse nourriture, portion g n reuse
Waited over an hour for breakfast food, staff never apologized, food was mediocre at best
Bloody cool. Love this place. Burlusque nights are the best. Good solid place to hang out.
Everything is awesome! Except the Manager that glares at children for laughing. TURD!
green car, red car, yellow light, black car turning left, idiot crossing road rawrrrr
The Naked cowboy oysters were delicious. really got a kick out of our server Debra she was great!
Since it's renovation, transiting thru this airport it a breeze. Less lines in customs.
Went in 20 minutes before closing and they locked the doors and refused service. Waste of time!
Bought the small size spicy salmon burrito, tastes great, reasonable price, nice service
They charged me for my supposed" free pot of bread" that you get by checking in on yelp.
I'm not sure why they have high ratings. The cold sandwiches are pre made, the bread was soggy.
Just wanted to let you know it was a pleasure doing business with you
Excellent food and service.  The meatloaf was phenomenal, as was the PB&B jar for dessert.
Good service. Good product. Great price. Friendly and careful technician. Would highly recommend.
Some of the best food in AZ..hands down..closest thing to traditional home cooked food..
Josh is legit, enough said. He's the most knowledgable pool professional I've met.
The best club in Vegas. Smart layout, best looking and mannered people by far.
This is my favorite Midwest pizza place. So glad it's here in AZ, the Taco pizza is the best!
Food is great and affordable.....Great spot for vegetarians...Worth visiting...!!
Excellent pedicure. The cleanliness is beyond reproach !  This is the best nail salon in Scottsdale
The food was okay enjoyed the tacos. The customer service was great felt welcomed by the employees.
Smells and taste so good. Got the Crispi pata and Kare Kare combo! Sat. They have brunch buffet.10$
Nice enough place, view service we're fine, crowd is kinda May / December Scottsfaley
My family and I are regulars at Nicklebys! Good food, sweet service and a cool environment.
Great place to practice. Sims are accurate, bright and current. Staff and facility is top notch.
Below average service. Pho had way too much noodles. Used to be better and recently gotten worst.
It was all fabulous! Highly recommended! The flavors were all new, original, and fun.
Worst place ever! The owner ( a lady) is the rudest person Ever! Please please please don't support
It's so nice to have Denny's here! Same great coffee and food. Service impeccable thanks to Maya.
Very helpful employees, got shoes that feel great for less than I was planning to spend
Lived here for a year.. LOVED IT.. Rent went up so I moved but the apartment and staff were Great!
Nice little spot to get wings on sundays, 50 cents ea.  More than 15 different flavors too!
Ordered Panag curry... it has no peanut flavor and it was sour instead... not Thai curry whatsoever
Perfect Pefect perfect!  The staff the DR all 100%..  Thanks for the exam!
Great place for a bite in the airport! Food is fresh and the oatmeal power bar is the bomb!
BEST POOL PARTY EVER ! ! ! (Memorial day weekend)
Good cafeteria style place !! tempra was freshly fry!! noodle was good !! Quick and easy.
Good service with friendly price. I order $12 special plate with soup and all you can eat salad.
Just like Hawaii  Ordered bbq chicken  Chicken fried rice  And masala  Super good! Big portions
Me and the hubby LOVE this place! Try the bulgogi torta, messy but so tasty!
Best breakfast place in town and have really good pancakes. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Great service, welcoming atmosphere and tasty food made fast and fresh.
Small little place if you're dining in. But great food!
I love these resorts, from Florida to Vegas...they are nice and huge!
The best dance crew ever, these guys bring it and rock it like no other!!
Katherine did my nails.  They look great and they have lasted for weeks! Nice atmosphere too.
Slowest Lucille's I've ever gone to.  Normally food comes out very quickly.  Not this one.
I love this place!! My new favorite lunch spot in Matthews!! Service and food were amazing.
Awesome vegan food that won't break the bank. Definitely recommend.
Fast, friendly service and good breakfast.  No complaints.  I would eat here again.
I really like this airport. It is clean, modern and not overcrowded. Best of all free WiFi!!!!
Poor customer service.  This used to be our neighborhood sushi stop.  Not anymore.  Disappointing.
The head chef left.  Sushi & service suffers terribly.
Excellent sushi! By far the best I've had in the Concord area. Can't wait to come back.
Great prompt and courteous service. The food is wonderful. They have weekend specials and menudo
Rude hostess. Literally left and went somewhere else because of attitude and eye rolling.
Unreal food, could eat their samosas all day. Highly recommend if you're in the area!
The Asian sandwiches are so good. Just like the subway sand which but with more meat.
Great service, good price and new car. Got a fully loaded Nissan with only 400 miles in.
Best Sandwich I have ever eaten in my life!!! Try and you will see what people are raving about.
i recommend drinking the gravy, best soup on the menu!!    got diarrhea after tho :(
Very cool atmosphere and good beer. I would recommend this place for anyone who loves quality beer.
The service and the food is good. I've been here a lot. My friends and I love Red Lobster.
Just been to the drive thru but this one is much cleaner and faster than the campus one
Great food and service. A awesome hole in the wall joint. Chicken swarma is excellent.
Lame. Bunch of wanna be's. Drinks are good value though. Bartenders and staff friendly.
My first here at the Joint and Dr, Brenda did awesome job i felt relief.i will definetly come back.
This place ......waiting for DM phone call. Review will follow
been here a number of times and it's my favorite German food in Pgh!
Something about the Furikake Chicken is different. Couldn't really enjoy it cause of how hard t
Todd is the man! Great food and happy hour is a deal. Gotta try those red velvet waffles
This is not a place to experience the legendary Las Vegas Buffet.
Stop going there when they changed 50 cent to used a debit card. Left a bad taste in my mouth .
LOVED this place! unique spin on southern food in a very "hipster" setting.
The chicken teppanyaki noodles was awesome. A little to spicy for me though.
,..The best place to hang out delicious food ,..good wine and cool staff, very friendly place...
my daughter loves a visit to the treasure chest! great food, and awesome service!
Excellent service, quality, and stand behind their warranty.
We would gladly drive the almost 50 miles from our house to this BBQ joint.  You've gotta try it!
Love it! good for kids of all ages (and yes I mean you adults too!)
My favorite micro brew! Have Been going since they opened, and I absolutely love Fate.
Pas cher du tout. Bon rapport qualit  prix. Le poulet est un peu trop gras vs piri piri
Short ribs and Korean chicken wings are to die for. Be sure to check stores hours before going.
Cone was stale and had a hole in the bottom so I made a mess! Service was great though!
Definitely the best manicure and pedicure I've had in years!
Fast friendly service. Pho was great ... first time here but will definitely be back.
Unfriendly staff. Manager did not care  dirty  bathroom
Wow! Great show. So much packed into it. We got 50% off tickets. Great bargain
Good food, amazing service.  We even got to tour the kitchen.
Giving 4 starts for their decor,  friendly staff but desserts and tea didn't make 5 star
It's a very large bar with some pretty good beer. Friendly service and a cool hangout.
Some bomb pho... better than any other place in the valley. Order out is a good option here as well.
amazing, delicious food! new favorite place to eat and definitely a must if you're in Pittsburgh.
Awesome place to go for a late night snack. Usually a long line, but it's worth the wait!
Great menu, albeit limited.  Unique dishes that make it hard to choose.
Best pedicure I've ever had. Hot stone treatment was awesome. Will  definitely  come back.
An enjoyable up scale Asian with quite reasonable prices and very nice food
Decent south indian foods for cheaper prices  in scarborough..
Got a septum piercing from Kenneth Shaw and he did a great job! It was a quick and easy process
Great food great service! Overall a great experience.
Just about the coolest bar I've ever been to. Very cool. Service was great also
great dogs, you name the fixins , good onion rings.
Outstanding food, service, and atmosphere. Now on my must visit list for my next trip to town.
Amazing breakfast! Very busy place, that's why I had to try it out. Can't wait to go back.
Always great service here! They treat their customers with the utmost respect and honesty.
First time we came to Jimmy John's the food was great place is clean nice atmosphere.
Multiple tastes-flavors-textures: 2 super Tapas-enjoy the diversity: pair with Sicilian red wino
Great crust on pizza and calzones good local joint.
Great staff and high quality flowers!  Thank for the service and the pink rose petals.
They thin out all of their nail polish, and it takes a day to dry. Never again.
Best selection of sake in town. Really fresh sashimi platter and variety of fish.
My neighborhood Chinese restaurant. Food is delicious and the portions are huge.
Terrible service, customer service just stands around and gossips instead of helping customers.
Checked out this place for the first time today. Loved the beef teriyaki special!
It's Cora's,  what else needs to be said,  great food,  wonderful staff and very baby friendly.
Our go to buffet when we visit Las Vegas!  The selection is wonderful and the food is super tasty.
Best staycation ever. Thanks to Dennis H for making it so special.
fucken amazing sep22nd watching deadmau5.......
I went here within the last year. I don't remember anything about it. Probably not a good sign.
First time in tonight and definitely not the last!!! Amazing sushi, chiefs and price!
Wonderful pizza and salad. Thanks to Andrew for the great service! Hope to see you soon!
These guys a fucking liars. 3 weeks later and the run around I still have no dining set.
We can in for lunch.  Food was awesome! Service was a little slow otherwise would have been 5 star
Nice people. As good of facilities as Dolphin Court or Euphoria.  The owner, Pam, is VERY friendly.
my kids love it here. The servers were super friendly and great. Totally recommend this place.
Pretty nice and quick service. Just wish it was bigger. My coffee and danish was delicious.
Great pastrami sandwich and mesquite fries.
This place has a smug problem. You can literally smell the pretentiousness.
Best wings in the city.... love the horseradish wings!!! Sorry Duffs and St. Louis =(
The place is under new management totally different and totally awesome. HIGHLY recommended
Wow.... Dean is very good hair stylist.. you won't disappoint when you get hair cut from him.
I like strippers  Sorry, just had to counter Amy :)
Simple bar and grill with a simple menu. I recommend the salmon sliders and the tater tots.
My favourite Chinese food in Las Vegas.  Very nice staff and great food.
Good food and great prices. Chilly chicken and Hunan chicken are my usual when I go here
I like to go here for lunch. Best Thai restaurant near the financial district.
Small but very navigatable airport.. Not too small to have bathroom attendants. LOL!!! Wow!
Currently being ignored at the Genius Bar. It's 4:50 and my appointment was originally for 3:45.
Overpriced, underwhelming food. Great bar/happy hour joint with live music.
Get more help. I have never waited this long for a sub, almost 30 minutes. Very frustrating.
Clean environment, friendly and professional staff. I like their haircuts they do a fantastic job.
Food is very plentiful and I love the salsa bar. Their pico is to die for
Miserable dinning experience.  Lousy service!  Don't want to know who is cooking your food!!
Nice service and fresh offerings.  Comfortable patio and nice place to meet  friend.
Food was great. Huge portions. Friendly staff.  Lack in the bar mixed drink area though
Fun tables. A great place to play blackjack and have fun! A very small casino next to the Flamingo.
The wings were crispy and the sauce was perfect! The pizza we got was great too! Good job Pizza Hut
The gluten free pizza and the salads are delicious.
The food is phenomenal!! I could eat this every single day. Staff is very friendly and great
Food is ok... nothing to write home about. Better place to sit back and have a few cold ones.
Great venue for parties. Lots of washrooms. What else do you need for a party?
Busy store, but well staffed with efficient cashiers.  Best fountain drink deal in town.
Cool place, very good food. Prices are a bit high for what you get. Service is so-so.
Good enchiladas and solid chips / salsa. Casual atmosphere. More fast casual than a full restaraunt
Igor was 10 out of 10.  Top notch and genuine.  The car is a beaut too!
Old school goodness. I love this place. I always visit when I come back from California
Awesome pizza served in a beautiful refurbished space!
Amazing thin crust pizza.  Very good pasta.  Owner takes pride in his restaurant.
Really?   An international airport and no lounge access for US flights leaving from terminal 3?
The food is 5 star, but the service is sub-par. Am I invisible? You're at half capacity!
I live their martini options, and a plus is their half off drink from 3-7 for happy hour !!'
Good food. Had the Italian Salad and Chicken Sandwich. Found pieces of cardboard in the sandwich.
Boss is extremely friendly. No doubt the best and most authentic Japanese restaurant in Arizona.
Love them! The manager is amazing!! Cool environment longest lasting gel polish I've ever had!!
Melissa. You had no sense of hurry in your voice. Truly great customer service. And polite. Thank u!
Nice resort but they are NOT pet friendly!!! Security guards were also rude and abrupt.
Had a breakfast there. Food was good but service slow. Hard to believe coffee refills are a charge.
Good drinks, enthusiastic staff that will make excellent recommendations, fun environment
Fantastic food, eccentric decor, and an original vibe you won't find elsewhere. Highly recommended.
Family environment with excellent food and service. NEWLY RENOVATED BANQUET ROOM - simply beautiful.
La meilleur Soupe Tonkinoise sur la rive sud hands down!
I think that was just about the worst meal I ever ate. I ended up throwing half of it away. Yuck
Can't beat it.  Best gyro and chicken shawarma in town!  The staff is nice and the prices are great.
Best tacos al pastor in The Valley!! Just like the tacos in the streets in Leon Guanajuato Mexico
My experience with Lucy at Brookfield was great. Very professional and caring about my questions!
incredibly yummy cookies! the prices are reasonable too. location is easy to find
This place is simply amazing! The good is so good, priced fairly and it all tastes so fresh!
bone in filet with creamed corn and mac n cheese....orgasmic
Great wrap. I would return. This will probably be my new breakfast spot I take visitors.
I love this little place! The staff is friendly and its very clean. Try the crazy roll!
Holy cow! It's so high! An amazing thrill ride but seriously pretty darn scary once you get in it!!
Food taste is so so, service is bad, but expect high tipping. Go some where. Will not go again.
The cookies are really yummy, I am not a big fan of oatmeal cookies, but they are outstanding!
Family owned, ran and loved! I have been going for yrs and I always enjoy my food
Staff is nice enough. Dr. Nielson seemed a little cold for a children's doctor.
Okay for beer lovers.  Quite loud and the food is mediocre.
Best local bar dwn twn freemont stiff drinks good prices and the staff is awesome.
I'm in love with Arriviste! Such a cozy place to get some work done while sipping some great coffee!
Cocktails pour tous les go ts! Et bonne ambiance en prime!
Great Service! Great ambiance! Great food! Need I say more? Scottsdale's best!
I am a return renter. Staff is always cheerful and helpful. Loved their $1.00 special
CJ is great, we use him for all our computers, business and personal.  Highly recommended.
So glad they are open again! Getting ready to bite into the best green chili in the city.
Delicious thin-crust pizza along the lines of Luigi's in Charlotte.  Good stuff!
Best Vietnamese sandwiches! Get 'em to go for the drive home to LA
Very cool place. Found it on Groupon and wanted to try something different for mini golf.
Great guacamole Very friendly staff Great food Lots of TV's Got to watch my dbacks play
Our family eats here everytime we come to Scottsdale. Food is good as is the service.
Great friendly staff. Best chicken on the planet. So nice that it's so close to home.
A Chagrin Falls main stay.  Fast service.  Typical dairy queen...
It's just so damn good!!! This is a must pit stop every time I go to Vegas.  So necessary!!!
thank you for a nice stay and clean environment.  Definitely say hear again.
In an area littered with chains, Central rises above the rest. Great food, great service.
Great service ladies, keep up the good work, it was really clean, and cool in the inside
Real good customer service.awseome staff,they really know their products.good prices n good buds.
Delish and price spot on! Service was good. It was an off time after 2pm. Want to visit again soon.
I love this place, it's affordable and they do a great job. It's clean, friendly and great service.
My go-to when ordering BBQ chicken. The sauce & fries combo is as good as it gets!
Breakfast is delicious especially when you add their unique bloody mary :)
Great quiet bar with a decent local beer selection. Bartenders are friendly and know the area.
Good sushi, always order the spiciest roll! Great sushi salad. Went on our lunch break.
Outstanding customer service from Joshua and Amalia. Joshua went above and beyond. Thank you!
very cool bar with fire pits indoors. a definite place in vegas to have a drink!
Nice place with good food. We went in late afternoon so there were not many customers.
Eggs benedict with crab is recommended for brunch.
Always wanted to Come here and so glad we did.  Great food, environment and great service.  I
Service is always on point, cleanliness, food. Highly recommend and will definitely come back.
Delicious high quality food. Must try their unique version of green tea cr me br l e.
Nice atmosphere.  Good service. Fantastic food!
The customer services stinks. The owner is a terrible, rude, monster, and uncivilized peasant.
Great service and discovered an Amazing roll - the Burning Sensation roll was the best!
I have taken my kids are many times. The prices are right and there is never a wait.
Fresh sushi. Cool rolls at a decent price. I live close and it's nice to have it here.
Great quality and many many choices! Best buffet I've ever had!!
Great pizza, wine wonderful and fantastic service. The limecello and latte excellent.
Amazing food and atmosphere. Best breakfast in PHX
Best Buffet I have ever been to!!!!!!!  absolutely and amazing selection!
My favorite breakfast spot. I love getting skillets for breakfast and the ultimate BLT for lunch.
Our first time.  Awesome burgers and fries. Both were very fresh and hot. Loved the grilled onions.
I love the flautas the most. They make me happy. Also, the salsa bar is on point. The end.
Best brunch in the area hands down.  Creative recipes and great service.   Recommended.
Service and Food is great. New location and the atmosphere is great for Downtown Summerlin
This place is soooooo good, a must when traveling to Phoenix!
Dr. Gardner is the best. I drive from Henderson to see him. He is very personable and very thorough!
Wonderful charming service.  I was a walk-in customer - did not pre-order any custom arrangements.
Fast, great coffee, decent service. Black hot coffee is all I get and I like it here. Good location.
This was a welcome treat! Plus met some great people while there! I will be visiting again!
Worst food. Meats look and taste like plastic... chow mein in a sloppy liquid... not recommended
This place is great! Enjoy a drink while you wait. Then a perfect haircut. Matt is great!
Love, love, LOVE this place. Will you guys move to a bigger space? I'd give you 10 stars then!
Great shop - went in for a quick repair but they were super helpful, cool people.
I've been a patient of Dr. Garfield's since 2008. He is a fantastic.
Over the top great service, great communication and very fair pricing. Highly recommended.
Get the hot pastrami or the BLT. Service is great! It is a great addition to the neighborhood.
Good local bar and great staff. I feel like one of the staff every time i am there. Love the Gritty!
Nice to have a local bike shop with so much BMX parts in stock, good pricing and quality parts.
Amanda is THE best. Once you go to her, you won't want anyone else doing your nails. Guaranteed!
Best Gym by far in the west coast. Always plenty of weights and cardio machines available
Tastes really good! I ordered Earl Grey cotton candy and lychee rain drop cake. You should go(:
Consistent and excellent. You have to try their ribs, I really think they are the best in town.
2nd visit and will be back! The food was fantastic and the service phenomenal! Highly recommended!
The owner likes to post fake reviews of businesses who dont share his political views!
Our experience was excellent service great and food was awesome the beef combo was really good
Extremely friendly staff, and clean atmosphere. Was able to enjoy wine with my pedicure.
Excellent food. Lots of variety in the buffet.  It expensive. Great flavor. We will be back.
Surprised had very good pizza.
The smoked wings are amazing! Definitely coming back. Great craft beer and service as well.
Good crab legs and fried shrimp! Didn't like the cole slaw, but over all I will be returning l!
Frank Nicolosi was a pleasure to work with. He went above and beyond to satisfy my expectations.
Family owned with great service. The food is very good. They have live mariachi every Sunday.
Very friendly Doctor and staff. Not your run of the mill eye care chain. Would definitely recommend.
This place is super cool!!  I love the positive vibe and great food plus they have beers on tap!!!
Delicious donuts for a late night snack. Customer service was great. Plus it's open 24/7.
Just about the best donuts around. Customer service is great and there is never a long wait.
He's such a great doctor...got on the right medication and feeling great thank you Dr. Ostrowsky
I've ordered from them twice and it was amazing both times. It is a little pricey but SO worth it.
I always get the chicken friend rice and egg rolls amazing. Always great service fresh food
What happened to the hash browns?  Used to be the best in Charlotte, now not good.
the place is okbut wath out be defensive on your driving
Took a little while to get our ice cream, but it was totally worth it. The ice cream was great!!!
Decent huge pies. It's pretty good, but there is definitely better pizza in Vegas.
Great service, very clean and comfortable!! Definitely recommend!!
Tupelo Honey never disappoints!  The food and service were amazing.
Tiffany did a fantastic job on my makeup!!! Thank you Tiffany for making me looks beautiful. Love it
Great pizza and Fhazinis! Staff and Owner are Friendly! a must go to on the Southside!
Most authentic Italian Gelato in town!
Average americanized mexican at a high price.  Go to Faustos or Robertos instead..
The music is great and so are the waiters. I can't wait for the food to come out! :)
Really nice dinner - great service.  Interesting beer and cocktail list.  Keep in the rotation
Went for happy hour, great food and wine! Nice and relaxing setting as well. Will be back!
Unique pizzas and awesome crust! The chicken cordon bleu pizza is to die for!
Chicken parm was ok, the lasagna was pretty good  Lemon chicken was probably the best
Awesome service!!! Dave was really great. Good, honest, professional service and fairly priced.
Surprisingly better than you might imagine. The cilantro salad is unique and excellent
This is one of the best lunch places around. Healthy , inexpensive, really flavorful food.
The cookies are my favorite. Rich and chewy peanut butter and the chocolate chip are to die for.
service is super slow, no water refill unless ask, only save is the good price and decent food
Don't expect brunch when it says brunch they just have lunch buffet but the food was good
thumb up!  Trendy, food is good.  Recommended! Better be there early or there will be a line up.
avoid at all costs this place is a ripoff total scam bait and switch
Good atmosphere and food. Plan this to be my new 2x per month or more place to have breakfast.
Prices are simular to going to milestones however the food is more sophisticated.
Love the desert over there... Everything is good especially their salad ;) love love love. Must try
Heard great things but was average in my opinion. Unique but price was expensive for what I got
amazing staff and food very girl very lolz i love the place
Great Cuban Panini, adorable spot, going back for pastry to go, they looked incredible.
Slow, pricey for fast food restaurant, and salsa bar containers are less than an ounce in size.
Great food and very attentive staff. They were very polite and refilled my coffee often
Love the food! The pizza and calamari are phenomenal! I hope to be back.
Great local place. Food is great. Don't pass on this place! You must try it! You'll love it!
To me the best olive garden in town. overall everything is excellent, staff, food, cleanliness.
This place is epic! Clean nice and comfortable. The food is great and healthy! Come here and enjoy.
Keeping it short.  One of my favorite AYCE sushi spots.  Love the food and the service.
Absolutely fantastic food!!! The avocado poke is delicious and hubbs loved his food too.
Told you when u opened 6 months...maybe a year..if there is a next time consult the experts,1st
Professionals every time.  Doesn't matter what type of appliance...They have knowledgeable workman.
Great food! Friendly customer service. Creative decor.  A bit of a long wait sometimes but worth it.
Try the chicken tamales and burritos they are great.  Everything is made fresh.... hidden gem!
Best burger and onion rings I've ever had. Great service and I love the outside dining option.
Amazing slushies and smoothies! Boba is perfectly made. They have the sweetest customer service!
Best cleaner I've used! My clothes look great! The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.
Business no longer exists.  Phone number belongs to another company.
Fred, Sean and the rest of the gang are SUPER nice.  Consistenly top-notch product.
Very awesome customer service and helped me out with a predicament with the insurance.
I thought this place was a bit of a let down. I really enjoyed the rum punch however.
Jason is amazing.  Tells you to shut up and let him cut.  Take it or leave it.  And it's great.
Great friendly service.  Menu is extensive and the food was superb.
Finally a Mi Pueblo of San Jose in Las Vegas. Good supermarket to find all your Mexican food.
Amazing food. Huge portions. Quick service. Place is a bit cramped but the food makes up for it.
Worst sonic i have been to. The staff is rude and can never seem to get an order correct.
From midwest have had such a hard time finding a pizza we liked. One order and we felt like home.
Everything in the menu is delicious. Priced reasonably, and they also provide great service.
A great little hidden gem in Inglewood.Homemade pizza reasonably priced!
Great wings! Food is good staff is friendly and delivery is fast! Our fav
It's ok. Pulled pork was above average but beans and slaw were bland. Ribs were average.
Celma was fantastic. She used soft and hard wax and was very thorough. I will be returning for sure!
Exceptional food and service.  We had burgers, chicken strips, salad and chips with trio of dips.
Best thing ever. The guy was hilarious! I had green tea with lychee and pineapple and blueberry.
Delicious! Best Arepas! Love the Dominican Nachos! Everything we've had here is amazingness!
When I die, I hope heaven feeds me La Gourmandine.
It's a cool store for young people.  They have some records (vinyl) and some cool clothes and stuff.
Brazas is closed due to the upcoming expansion of Indpendence Blvd.
Always a treat. Evert trip to vegas this is a must. Veggie slice and cheese are great.
The food tastes amazing but the portions are tiny and the price is ridiculously high!
The best place for a real manicure. And a fun place to spend part of your day.
Food was amazing and I would totally go again! Plus it's so much cheaper than anywhere else!:-)
Best service I've had in a long time!! Delicious food, get the guacamole and great prices.
Best joint your going to find in the East Valley - and awesome bartenders
Fantastic experience;  amazing pastries and sandwiches.  Love the latte.  Great service.
Fresh juices, no additives or sugars. Fun and friendly service
Holliday was a wonderful server, was such a pleasure to eat here and the service is amazing!!
Excellent restaurant! Les accras sont excellents et le poulet jerk est   s'en l cher les doigts!
This place will give you horrible food poisoning. Beware. Put it on your black list.
One of the best indian food preparations in Phoenix/Tempe area
Simply put. My favorite new place for sushi in Las Vegas. Great food. Great staff.. nuff said!
If I have to yell my order to the server less than 2 feet away from me, YOUR MUSIC IS TOO LOUD.
I should have read the Yelp before reserving. 1 guy, long line. STAFF YOUR COMPANY, AVIS.
Great Roti. Great Value. Unpretentious. I love the mix veg roti.
Decent average Chinese lunch, typical for AZ
Awesome happy hour! The staff is so nice and the fish is fresh - can't beat the prices
We did the Hoover Dam tour.  They were amazing!
Uptown Alley is a great place but my food was served cold ...all 3 dishes.  Not happy about that
Bomb!
Nice, clean,decent place inside too get a yummy gyro!!! Neighborhood shady but ok for lunch.
Soooo fun! Love it for the night life, drinks and dueling piano entertainment!
The only cool art gallery in Las Vegas :)
A nice friendly and enjoyable lunch. Good value and good food. Yes this is as good as it gets.
Very good food and service. If ordered by room service, however, it does not translate very well.
It was really good and affordable! I definitely would recommend it and best of all it's near UNLV.
I don't know why this place has bad reviews. Best service and food I've had at this franchise.
exceptional, professional and friendly!  best mani pedi i have had in this area!   prices resonable!
Ordered matcha soy latte and taste like liquid sugar ;( i would just stick with starbucks.
You can do better Mexican food at home. Quite easily. Not bad if there aren't any other options.
Absolutely love this burger! If you like a juicy flavourful burger then I recommend this place!
We love Rays Pizza. The food is great and the service is amazing . They always make us feel welcome.
Had the Pad Thai lunch size with shrimp. Food was delicious, service was prompt, staff was friendly.
Staff are nice. I don't like much of the selection but my husband swears on the fried rice.
Very good food.  prices are great for all the food you get. Best place in West Valley
Best local hardware store around our area. Everything you need can be purchased here.
very far away from strip, noise of landing airplanes, $20 resort fee, very small pool
Good quiet atmosphere, good food and service. Brought the kids with and they enjoyed it as well
One of my favorite pubs. Great bangers, wings and beer. Always chill and dart machines!
Fantastic food and service.  Always very busy!!  Had the hibachi tonight and it was fantastic
Fun place to take the kids, really cool statue made of chocolate upstairs.
Nice and clean place, food quality is great! It looks like rhe owner himself takes order.
Chicken was not cooked all the way, and the food was mediocre at best... would not recommend.
Veggie dog is just a vegan tofu dog. Wasn't totally impressed but their food truck is pretty cute.
I read in my subway paper that this place has cucarachas! EW!!
Love the SOB pizza.  Just like in Chicago
Great customer service from this location. Food was descent and dining area was clean.
Ask for Donna!  She's awesome!!! Super cool New Yorker  and great food they never disappoint.
Definitely among the better burgers and fries I've had from a fast casual restaurant.
I got a hard burnt bun with my cheeseburger. I definitely won't be back to this location ever again.
I love this place they always take such good care of my nails! They are amazing! Thanks Jenny!
Great shoes..but needed better service...and more sales too.. ;P
Two orders both wrong Steak old . Place was empty. No excuse!
Greasy.  Bland.  Poor service. Flat root beer.  Weak sauce.
These are incredibly addicting.   The End.
Mon panini au thon etait bon, achaland , bon service, des plantes   l'interieur ca fait du bien.
Inexpensive and great people! Use them if you're in old town!
Small nice diner. Good food- although the burgers weren't the best I've had. Good prices.
Love this place! Delicious food, friendly staff, unique experience, and a store to boot!
Beware! Has a no gun sign in front. Business does not care about your personal safety.
I love this store!! Excellent products and very knowledge staff. Best customer service!
Amazing quality food!  Spectacular service! The best tacos I have ever had!  A must to check out!
Went for a birthday celebration, and it was awesome!!! Very helpful , great music, tons of fun !
Great service - recently put tires on my SUV and were friendly, fast and great price. Thank you!
Same great food. Same unimpressive service.
I've used this location a few times for flyers and posters and they have always been done on time
the lunch buffet is a great deal. The fresh garlic naan is delicious as is everything else.
Worst place to go in Toronto. Service is terrible , they should be barred from hospitality industry.
1/2 price wine Wednesdays.  Life is good!  Food here is AMAZING!  By far best pizza in town!
Love the food here! Always fresh and great service. Strongly recommend Korean BBQ and jerk chicken!
Great and tasty fresh food for a decent price. Staff is friendly and helpful.
old school is what you like with good views this is your place..
Decent price for the amount of food; chicken was great; fast and friendly service.
24 hours works for anybody, the seating areas are the coolest, and I always enjoy whatever I order
Not at all happy with patient service. Actually paid out of pocket to go to another optometrist.
I love this place and my, oh my, your sweet potato fries are to die for!
Update: New record 2 burritos in 4:08!
Worst sales tactics ever! Waste of time, will happily take my money elsewhere!
We reserved a cabana for my birthday dinner and had a very romantic evening. Would love to go back!
A very enjoyable zoo.  I recommend taking someone that is mentally deficient.
This place sucks, avoid at all cost. Go to the other two locations here in Las Vegas.
Wow! I called in for a breakfast burrito only, and the girl says its a 45 minute wait....really!!!
Great little family run place. An absolute gem. Great prices too. All baked goods made on premise.
Fast, tasty, healthy, real food. Wish there were more places like this. I will be back!
Killer Burrito with cheese + watermelon aguas frescas = amazing.
Jason is great ! Honest and reasonable. I highly recommend him for all your garage door needs !
Very nice H&M has alot of the special items here...wish i lived closer.
Nothing good to say. Do not waste your money or time. Probably the worst tacos I've ever had.
Best food ever.   Tons of vegan options.   Great bar.   Pizza is to die for.  Such a cute interior.
The food was good and the service was great! We will return again. Shrimp sauce gets an A!
The food is good. We has a nice waiter, however... The hostess' were beyond  rude... Smh
Been here once a week since they opened. Recommend the wet burrito with mole chicken.
Weird people running this place. They judge their applicants and make innaccurate assumptions.
I've only ever bought their bacon, but it is amazing. I love both the British and Scottish cuts!
Excellent service, delicious and abundant breakfast, and very casual atmosphere.  Reasonable prices.
Great sushi! Flew in from Houston for a conference and this was hands on the best meal of the week.
#5 with Mango Jelly no Bobba less sugar my go to order all the time and it never disappoint.
Great Gelato but please update the status hours. Went on a Sunday night at 8:30 and it was closed.
I love this place!!! You have to try the tacos on taco tuesdays. They're amazing! and affordable.
The place needs some major renovation or a major cleaning. A little scary in there. Food ok.
Delicious food!  Creative food preparation!  Great atmosphere!
Had tried this place last year. It was a hidden surprise!! Should have gotten Michelin stars!
Shop looks kinda rough but who cares. Great service at a fair price.  All you could ask for.
Chopped salad is excellent. Note that it has salmon in or chicken, if you request.
This place was awesome!! Amazing food & prices were cheap as well, happy hour choices were good too!
Unreal. Terrible service. I'm standing here and am being completely ignored. Bye bye never again
I am here every Tuesday for my chicken makhni and masala chai tea.Great food! Full of flavor.
really really good. get the poutine. one downside is it takes a while but it's worth it.
Been taking my daughtwr here for 2 years always excellent service and my daughter loves them.
This place is right up my ollie. $6 tall boy PBRs...50/50 Real fun joint - but couldn't flip one.
Friendly staff, good service. Thrifty is my exclusively choice!
Dude!!! Waygu and fois gras gyoza!!!
The Porkster rehab burger was enough food for two days and the pot brownies are delicious. So good.
Bring Cash, they don't take debit or credit cards!  Would have been nice to know before the meal!
Always a good time coming here.  Cheap and good craft beer on tap.
Go on the weekend and witness the Al Pastor in action and taste the deliciousness for yourself!
Great food and nice atmosphere.  Maybe a little loud, get used to that it's an octopus party!
Cold food and the old lady has the nerve to argue with me smh never will I return to this place!!
The chicken enchilada soup is dream worthy...yum!!!!!!
It was yummy, service was friendly and I like the old school lunch counter feel.
Service is good, food was just meh, presentation definitely could have been better.
Good food and lots of it. Flat iron done perfect.  No fat to worry about service was great
We placed an order for delivery and apparently they closed early. Won't be using them again.
Ordered kalbi to go the other day but Kalbi portions got way smaller than usual. What happened?
A wonderful dining experience of deliciousness.  Nvam Pho is on our regular go to places
Wonderful flavors. Service is a bit slow, but I'll be back for the food and atmosphere.
So surprised at the unique menu offerings, not your usual pub food. The service was a little slow.
Soooo good, and awesome service! Carolina style pork was delicious. Will definitely be going back!
Great sushi!! Very nice atmosphere!!! Sushi was fresh and creative rolls !!
You need to try the #1, it's amazing!  Make it a combo w/ the Honeydew Smoothie, add Boba.
Another stop on a whirlwind tour of hip MTL coffee shops. Flat white is the move here. G'day mate.
Michael is AMAZING!  I would highly recommend Defend Pest Control to all my friends.
The Place took forever to stitch the bear up and had cost near $100 for a stuffed animal.
the spin room plays movies...its a unique gym with a good set up
Love this place...clean and stylish. Adrian was amazing, he will be my nail guy from now on!!
     ...  
Great venue to see some incredible performances. We saw West Side Story last weekend.
Best wings in town!!! Come and try it!! You will love it. Great flavors TWC is number one!!
Been in Vegas so many times and I never had a foot long sandwich this good and it's affordable
Worst female barbers of all time.  Learn to cut black hair or go back to beauty school or something
Big thumbs up.  Great food!!  Try the Salsa picante from the salsa bar. Check it out.
Delicious food! Huge burritos, stuffed with tons of meat. Really enjoyed Pico too.   A must try!!!
Quick easy and efficient! Use the kiosk and you'll move thru with ease!
It was a fun experience and also knowledgeable learning about the history of Las Vegas signs
2 of the best hair stylists in the east valley, J & Sarah.
You'd think the designated driver I would have free drinks...$5 for a small pitcher of coke , WOW!
Chicken was hot and fresh. The special sauce compliments the chicken. The service was fast
Great local pub. Good food. go for lunch, get the Rubin.
Best home-cooked food you will find! Perfect spot and an awesome view of Cleveland!
Thank you lady barista who makes my drink just right, every time!
Horrible and unprofessional client service. I have never been so upset at a company before.
Excellent in my vacation last New Years omg incredible I'm going maybe this Christmas again.
SO good! Nice little mingle spot and good food with pleasant service! All around- GO! :)
Good food,but terrible customer service.Cashier is hard to understand and doesn't make eye contact.
Service was bad, lights too bright and noise to loud to hold a conversation.
Very happy in chosing this Concentra. Great staff, was done in a little over an hour.
The dish ware wasn't clean and the food was tasteless especially the dumplings were disappointing
Tried this and was not disappointed.  Chicken fingers and fries are the house specialties.
Best croque madam in town but service wasn't great.
Really friendly staff. Monterey is an awesome start of any morning.
Tasty dishes, the grilled mackerel is delish!  Chicken wings are pretty awesome too. Will return!
Nowhere to sit, and it's busy! Typical Wendy's fare, with fast-food employees to match.
They have a lot selection of quality furniture in Lowest price in town. very good service.
Great value Good food Good service Salsa good Pork wings great--ask for sauce on side
Best view in southern vegas for locals, but still expensive...
This place is great ! Good food and service. 5 stars and I am under 50 years old!
Excellent chicken schwarma plate. Large portions and cheap price with friendly service.
Fantastic coffee and a quiet spot to work or relax. One of the best kept secrets in North Central
Worse Tim Hortons . The location it self is dirty , the lobby as well at the seating area . Filthy
I come here so often that the staff recognize me. One of the better pho broths I've had in Montreal
This place's quality and service has really gotten bad.  Not busy and we had to beg for water.
Hostess very rude! She wouldnt let us sit at a table even though the restaurant was EMPTY! !!
Great food, quick service, good atmosphere! The hash browns and omelette were delicious.
Fantastic selection of bulk health foods at great prices. One of the best in the city.
Just because I was in the area and I saw the show, worst experience and crap food.
Excellent chicken pita roll! The salad was very soso... But what a delicious souvlaki wrap!
Really good sushi, very fresh and great deal on saki Very friendly staff!
Fresh food, great atmosphere, Excellent pastries!
My favorite is the Kaum Poong Key (garlic chicken). The crab Angels are excellent as well!
Just as good as you would expect. If you're in Vegas, you have to pay the Wockeez a visit!
They're great
Excellent place for brunch. It gets very busy after 10am, so make sure to arrive early!
Super friendly staff, very attentive and polite! Food is fantastic, haven't had a bad meal yet!
Food was weak and overpriced. The risotto was like soup and the sangria was made with canned fruit.
Great sushi in the Highland Creek area. Great prices and very good sushi & Hibachi. Love it
Awesome great corn beef hash . Tres Leche pot of bread amazing. Will stop by again if in Vegas ;-)
Don't waste your money, crap food, poor service because short on servers
Love it..Cheap, delicious and fresh food..
Tasty food great service, kind of pricey but the food is so well done that is worth it
Closed.  The new restaurant in it's place is called Mandarin Buffet.  Haven't tried it yet.
Very good yummy cookie with great presentation and a full flavors.
green chile stew is amazing, one of the few that order hot green from Abq
An amazing Thai restaurant Beautiful decoration and delicious food. Love the crab curry best 
The place is clean, food is ample and delicious! We will be most definitely coming back for more.
Great place to go. Great atmosphere. Some things ate overt priced but over all coo social place.
Great catering....food and service outstanding. We will use them again
Great beer selection and the food is always good. Surprisingly good ahi tuna!
Super nice staff and the food is really good.  Definately a hidden gem in SunnySlope.
Such a cute place and staff is very friendly. The jasmine green tea latti is my favorite!
Always my go to bar! Friendly bartenders! Delicious food, specials every day, two happy hours!
Michael is awesome and funny and does things to your feet you couldn't dream of  go check them out!
The house made English muffins are as good as they get!
Delicious!  Great atmosphere.  Excellent food, cute server.  Famous little spot in Old Montreal :)
The tiramisu served here is probably the best around the campus! Just love it so much!
Pretty damn good. I had the Fettuccine Carbonara.  Very creamy.  Crabcakes were delicious as well.
Baku is arguably the best restaurant in North Carolina.
Just sent one coupon for two people. Corporate getting cheap. Specially nights are expensive.
Can't beat the view and the prices -- and the sports bar atmosphere!
Good value compared to many asian places.
Ordered delivery and it was pretty good. Finally, Kao Soi on the menu and it was delicious!
No movie being shown, black screen and the movie was supposed to start 4 minutes ago.
Great place. Great customer service. Lots of gun choices. I would definitely recommend this place.
This my favorite restaurant in the village.always friendly servers.great food.
Beautiful food, excellent value, and the staff is friendly and inviting. Thank you, Laura!
Wonderfully authentic food and a very friendly staff. This little place is a true gem!!
This place is great! Clean. The staff is friendly. The services are affordable!
this place is so good and flavorful.. my favorite  the rajas and queso gordita..  must try..
Midas is working hard. All we could ask.
Both drinks were very tasty and service was fast and friendly. Definitely recommend this place!
Just found some cash at the entrance. Left my number at guest services. Call me if it's yours.
quality of food poor! Atmosphere of restaurant poor! do not recommend this place at all.
Delicious quaint amazing service is a little slower how ever food speaks for its self
Great cigar shop in cen pho,  friendly service big selection always have my favorites.
Reasonably priced w/ chill laid back atmosphere and finadeni = awesome.
Best Italian, period.
Many different selections of shaved ice toppings than other shaved ice places, but milk tea just ok
Great pizza.  Really good.  Please patronize so we can have great places in our neighborhood!
I filled up my truck here...   They had gas...  The bathrooms were dirty...  Store was old...
Love the chicken wings here! 50 cent wings on Mondays!
Awesome awesome place! best dumplings I've had.
Great atmosphere, pretty good food, and nice service!
One of my favorite Indian places!!! Super friendly services, and the food is soooooo yummy!
Best huevos Rancheros I have ever had. That potato cake underneath is like a crack-patty!!
The location is simply outstanding. Great open design and the barista made my drink extra special.
Our favorite was the chicken parm sandwich. Meatball spaghetti was great and the kids loved it!
Great pizza, a little pricey, great service a definite place to stop and try for a quick bite .
Nice place to hit while in Vegas. Cool hookah prices the flavors are good. Nice drinks.
Not a bad theater. The staff is friendly and the sound is ok.
I took the spicy ramen mmmm feel so good in a freeze day. Crowdy place, good service.
Big fan. Love the selection of fresh RIPE produce. Thx Jay.
Quick wait time, friendly doctor, got what I needed....couldn't ask for more
Try the Beef Curry. Excellent. I was really shocked.  Havent eaten that good in long time
Excellent ramen and incredible pork steam buns. Also, the Cracks Pie in the store is a must.
Bartender Kristina was rude..No concern with customer service!!
Ron got my fit tweaked on my bike and I'm back in the saddle w out pain.  Thank you.
this is a great hotel location for anyone going to the Mayo Clinic or just at a stay.
Fantastic food. Great Miso and the Poke Salad was awesome!  Will definitely be back soon.
Ver nice place, great food, perfect atmosphere. Go there, you will not regret!
Jen was great help in choosing a Digestive Enzyme!  Appreciate the great service:)
I'm not big into donut shops but this has changed all that. Unique. Delicious. Melt in your mouth!
Fresh Wasabi was ok for the price.  Not amazing but good value overall.
Great staff, strong IT infrastructure. Repeat student.
Great pizza & wings. Great prices. Mostly carry-out, but some dine-in seating. Authentic Italian!
Big bar with bar pizza. Do Not go there for the pizza.
Great food and great service, ribs, prime rib and veggies, salads as well.
I love this place! Dark & cozy, the drinks are cheap and the Bartender rocks!
Very nice food, I like the medium spicy captain's boil source shrimp.  Keep wanting going again
The Spicy Chicken Sando and Butter Garlic Fries were great. The baguette was perfect!
Kitchen, bathroom remodels, additions and tenant improvements. Quality work !!!!
Burger was good.  Fries were ok.  Service was ok.  Worth a second trip.  Didn't try to hotdogs.
If you are looking for great service and great food try this gem out in tremont
Good service, food and prices but a god awful sewer smell permeated the entire place!
Crap parking! Over Crowded  Not a lot of food options  or resting spots
They have good food and service.  Atmosphere is cozy and comfortable.   Prices are reasonable too
I had a breakfast dish and loved it.  Another time I had a salad and it was spinach and dressing.
Varies each time, but I find lots of great fabrics to sew. Great prices and staff is very nice.
Red Velvet Pancakes. Oh My Delicious. super good. Great food as well.
As good as it gets!!! HUGE square footage for a restaurant. Fantastic food!!!
One of the best breakfast places in the city.  "Hog and chick" is my favorite dish.
Pretty good pho , place is clean , service is good .  Also nice enough to take a date if you want .
Pretty ok, loved that it 24 h on the strip, saved alot on parking and enjoyed it, affordable
I was impressed. Decor isn't nice, but food and service is.
Nice Casino to visit. Love the Seafood Buffet there and my Queen loves shopping there.
The sushi was good but overpriced. The burger was really good and the service was fast.
Waited so long to order at the menu box that I just left. They seem to always be short staffed.
This salon is professional,clean, and has a large selection of nail polishes. Great hours as wel
 
Prompt friendly service, good price. Received when promised. We will come back again.
Good location always have what I need. Prices are competitive. Staff has been helpful.
Love this cleaners. They did a wonderful job with my comforters, for a very reasonable price.
Hit & miss.   Today was a miss. Eggs and bacon both under cooked. Pecan pie was runny and glopy.
Very clean establishment with a super friendly waitstaff! Decent prices and great food!
Great drinks for great prices! Excellent service too. Mike B is the man. Thanks again
Definitely a go to place for sweets. Love the eclairs there. Cakes are all r ally nice and fresh.
Update: After all was said and done, it was 8 of 13 people that had food poisoning.
Very good food for the price ...nice selection for the veggie people and taste of the food was great
Food was tremendous and the space was absolutely stunning.  I definitely recommend it.
My favorite club in Vegas! Great music, vibe, crowd, and venue. Indoor and outdoor, love it!
The cookies are great! They will even heat them up for you in their Otis Spunkmeyer oven! :)
Love this restaurant. I recommend spices and pepper chicken and mixed Hakka chow mein   Mmmm enjoy
Best bagels in Cleveland. The only place East Siders should consider
Extremely poor service and mediocre food. Stay away. There are many other options in the area.
My whole family puked them selves to death after eating what tasted like  even though I love culvers
Very professional staff and swift service! And I love my tint!
I'm from Northern Virginia (now living in Vegas),this makes me miss Home.. Excellent.. tasty!!
+clean studio +student discount +good flow
now called Tara Thai ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz/tara-thai-phoenix#hrid:jZ5ynxfXefkDBzm4vB1E4A
Good food, fast service, sort of noisy environment! Great experience overall
Awesome place! Affordable, clean, and the staff is so nice! Had a blast for my bachelorette party!
Dear Lee,  Where the hell is the meat? Please fix.  Sincerely, Ace.  PS. Cash only....really?
Nice selection of great wines and some belgium beers.
Great food, great beer, nice atmosphere, nice to have a place like this on the westside!
Great to see a locally owned, authentic foods restaurant.   Good food, good people. Good pies too!
Great shop.  Good prices on bikes.  Good repair work. Great people. Honest.
On time, great to work with. Friendly and answered my questions.
Great atmosphere and a great haircut. Rose was my stylist and she is fantastic. I will go back.
Editorials deserve free speech, not to be fired from their Trump koolaid drinking bosses!
Good stuff - fun atmosphere. Old school.  Opens at 10:30.  Get some... downtown.  Brought my wife.
-Amazing ramen -so tasty  -satisfying -great size  -decent prize for ramen -super friendly service
Came in looking like a troll, came out looking like Beyonc ! AMAZING WORK!!! Would 100% recommend!
The shaved ice is just a vehicle for artificially-flavored sugar. It's not very good.
Made an appointment ,they finished when promised and it came out great. Looks fantastic.
I eat here on a regular basis and LOVE IT! I order the ruben sandwich every time!
What region-style of Chinese food is Swatow.  Is it Hakka, Canonese ?????
Excellent and friendly service! I'm a repeat customer. Opening hours are irregular though.
Generous portions. Decent flavors. Friendly service. Great noodles. Atmosphere barren
Fast and friendly.  Their Happy Hour is quite good.  Try the Bei Special Roll, it's ridiculous.
Best happy hour in town  Brisket quesadilla and tavern burger.  Yums  Service is great
I love how this is listed as "women's clothing". I could spend thousands in minutes at this place.
Really great ambiance for chatting with friends. Turkey and Brie sandwich was delicious.
Amazing atmosphere and music. Great place for private conversations, drinks and late night gossip.
Long line but at least we were able to get tickets to see Tina & Tony's Wedding at 50% off!
Great wings, best nachos I've ever had! The burgers, wraps and pub grub are awesome :)
They were open wow!  Quick service A+  This is how much a green chile should be in a  double !
The atmosphere is amazing people were very knowledgeable with there cigars. The place is really dope
Really good and satisfying meal. I'd really recommend the roti chicken. It was simply amazing!
Only docked a star because I wish they had more sugar free flavor options, but overall very good!
This place rocks, best salads, pizza, meatballs are killer! Always friendly people ho work here!
food is tasty, but the bar is where its at...best drinks and bartenders in town
Angel the waiter is great the food fabulous place vary clean friendly los platillos geniales
Had the Kalifornia Benedict, fantastic! They also bake their own goods. The bagels rule.
Great burgers, great beer, great atmosphere. The staff is amazing. Count on me being a regular!
Awesome nail place. Pretty inside, friendly people, quality service. And yummy beverages too!
Been coming here since they opened, great food, service and affordable. Family friendly
best buffet on the strip!!!  the crab legs are amazing!  do not skip this spot!!
Magnifique suite avec une vue spectaculaire de Montr al Service et sourire sont au rendez vous
Absolutely amazing!!!! Just like home ! EL SALVADOR;) no other place has chicken like this!
If you're looking for anything remotely close to authentic Caribbean food, this isn't it.
Easy airport, fast and efficient
First time trying it today! I got the chicken chipotle! Very very delicious! Highly recommend .
Super fast delivery and food was really good as well!!! We will definitely order again!!!
Good food, but I felt rushed.  I hadn't even taken my first bite and already received the bill!
I expected more from this place. Not worth the trip if you're on the strip.
Ready for pick up in a flash! Love this Domino's!
Fail proof happy hour!! the food is always fresh and the service is always quick
Awesome, place I come all the way from California for this great service. Ask for Nancy or Nate.
Amazing. Their iced coffee is the best I've ever had and you can't beat their crepes. Love.
Very friendly, wonderful deluxe pedicure. Tons of polish colors to choose from. Thank you!
Dr. Bregman is nice and takes time to listen to you and figure out a plan. I highly recommend him.
Tasty and satisfying Greek fast food, in a welcoming environment. Fried zucchini fries are amazing.
2 words... Bed Bugs. Welp, that sums up everything. Beware. SICK.
Once again very professional, clean, friendly service and great work. Thanks! I love my new tat!
Quick place to grab sushi. The service is okay and the quality of the food is hit or miss.
Friendly staff, fun decor, good music, food was delicious as usual. Right on Raising Canes!
It's my morning spot everyday! It has its busy times but they work through the lines pretty quick!
Awesome beer bar if you love beer. Great service and great environment. Food isn't too bad either.
Lots of food for a very low price Getting sick right after eating said food, priceless.
Nice and clean store. 4 stars not 5 because of prices. I found it abit expensive then other shops.
Consistently high quality, low key atmosphere - love it!
Love this place did my gel pedicure and gel manicure. Ask for Thu she does an amazing job.
Her work is consistently perfect, on-time and reasonably priced.
Very delicious. Breakfast sandwich was huge. I hope to return. Staff shirts were funny.
Always love it here! great service. cool place to sit. and just enjoy!
Amazing Indian food. The best in the Burgh. Get a cup of mango Lissa while you're at it.
Terrible dealership to do business with. Would rather go to a Mom and Pop dealership
Awesome lunch!  Everything is fresh, people are friendly and the food is unbelievably good.
Jaco pork taco and white bean gratin are my favorite! Try the tico sauce too!! Yummy!!
1st time here, the service is great & the restaurant  is so beautiful! Definitely recommend it.
The service is so great and the staff is amazing! Thank you for taking care of me American Valet!
Burgers and buffalo chips were excellent!  The kids food is a great value for what they got.
The best shawarma I have tried in Vegas! Specially the chicken wrap taste so good.
Best BBQ in Gilbert.  Very long lines during the weekends, so make sure you plan accordingly.
Very good food & very good service (& a great wine list too!)  A little pricy.  Would go again...
Good food - was exactly what I was looking for! We had the chicken vindaloo and Kadai Lamb.
Very friendly staff, very professional the restaurant interior was clean and well maintained.
Good service and a welcoming atmosphere make this Starbucks a decent place to hangout.
The best Sunday pool party ever.  You've got see it for yourself.
This place is amazing! Friendly service and just plain great chicken! Definitely going back
Top notch Calzone! Can't be beat! Keep it up Streets! Thanks for the awesome service!
Good fresh food. Nice ambience. Great service by Eric.
Great atmosphere. Very clean and quiet. Like something right out of pinterest.
Excellent coffee,  the hashbrowns were better than perfect, and the service was outstanding.
Expensive $$$$ but good quality and service. Would visit again for a special occasion
it's decent. don't expect anything amazing: it's pasta. :P
Delivery took over an hour. Tacos arrived cold. They were the saddest tacos I've ever eaten.
Great but pricey drinks.  I hope the Waldorf doesn't change things too much.
I haven't actually eaten there for lunch but their baklava is the best I've ever had!
Good food but a bit difficult to find if you are coming from the south. Yelp map is VERY confusing!
I love their ramen!! taste so fresh and something that you can't have in Las Vegas.
I like the service, they are very nice people! All the time make a good work and have great special!
Dr Pulliam and the staff do an excellent job, Very caring, considerate and knowledgeable!
I always enjoy the friendly staff and the food is always good. I love the treats too!
I had the nutella crepe with bananas. Very good but costly.  Expected since its at Bellagio.
Excellent service et sushi parfaits, on a ador  notre exp rience et on va recommander!
It's Pho-tastic and a good $9 deal on a freeezing cold day!
My favorite pizza place in Cleveland. Great service. We frequent here a couple times per month.
Chicken was rubbery. The food here is way too expensive considering the quality is poor.
The owner is very aggressive and mean with his employees, not going to eat at this place anymore!
Great customer service. Awesome food and products. Great environment. All around great place to eat
Best Salad, wrap and humans! I loved this place- wish there was one of these on the West Side!
Awesome food, fast service and always fresh... Try their spicy and flavorful chicken wings
Lady didn't speak English and she has no idea what an old fashioned is.  Completely annoying
Good view but furniture is in bad shape. Slow service. Average food. Good for change though.
Sushi was okay at best. Had better. Loved the shrimp tempura for $5. Best part of our dinner
Good portion of food, found it bland Chicken was undercooked.  Service was dismal. Won't be back.
Came in for some dinner. I'm having The Smokehouse burger meal with a large Mountain Blast Powerade.
Amazing salon. Clean, hip, great atmosphere. Medspa offers great prices. Highly recommend
This place amazing! The green trees is my favorite. The wait can be a bit long but it's worth it.
Delicious!! One of our favorite places to eat.  It definitely deserves the high ratings it receives.
Wow a very excellent eclectic blend of flavors.  Terrific service and ample menu choices.
Love the chicken, fries and sauce - yum!
My favorite! Margarita Monday...$ .99 margaritas... Tuesday is sr night.... Great place
Good wings...friendly staff...kids loved playing darts,,,i have since had to get a dartboard at home
yelp needs to update -  the speedpark at concord mills is not closed!
Have good sushi, the staff is nice, don't recommend the fish tacos . The salsa is good too.
amazing. we had the plato campechano (1/2 carne asada and 1/2 chicken). we highly recommend.
Love this place. Been cing for years and it is always good.
Perfect for what they do.  Grease city which is good or bad depending what you're looking for
Another awesome meal. Good service, ambiance, food.
I got an almond milk tea and it was WAY too sweet. The prices are also pretty high.
Delicious coffee! A melt-in-your-mouth chocolate chip cookie! What else could you ask for?
Delicious bagels and coffee! Great selection of sandwiches for breakfast and lunch! Love this place!
Great source for very unique & artistic gift items.
Ridiculously yummy food. I go to get my "south of the boarder" fix ;)
The shuttle was always on time and the chauffeur was always helpful and friendly.
Came on a holiday, good prices, fast work, what more could I ask for? highly recommended!
Cool hotel.  A bit off the strip :/  Hey, I won money!  Evo 2011 was a blast though.
They may or may have not given me a cheap vodka when I asked for a grey goose martini.
Was great i really enjoy they offer water is a relax place I'm going again thank u coco
Amazing food and tasty drinks!! The homemade apple pie moonshine is dangerously delicious!
The ONLY place to Spin! Awesome people and incredible workouts!
Delicious food, fun atmosphere, nice service,  and at a great price. Definitely coming again!
Sandwiches are addicting !  Really good.  I will eventually try them all.  And a B NH BAO ...
Excellent pizza and drinks. The wait staff is incredibly friendly- a must try!!!!!
Space is small, coffee is very good but disappointed that always no haninan chicken rice.
very similar to all the other chain Mexican restaurants...nothing else to say
Great Service, Great Location, And Reasonably Priced.  SOLID A
Best club I've been to so far! I stayed at XS until 4am and had a blast the entire time.
Great food. Cozy and comfy atmosphere. The wait line is super line but worth it. Will go back!
Amazing Cuban sandwich and salads, worth the wait! The coffee and chai are also very good!
solid bar. thai nachos the way to go.
Omg I am SO happy with my hair!! No one but Lou will be touching my hair from now on!
Carnitas Guanajuato has moved to 5534 Albemarle rd.
Great Lumber store. I've been working with this company for 20 years
My favorite sushi place around Goodyear. And I am quite the sushi lover. You won't be disappointed!
Bad sushi, inconsistent and often arrogant wait staff, pass.
Love this place! Great service and the best sushi! I have been coming here for over 10 years.
The support staff (dispatch and accounting) were obnoxious and condescending to customers.
We love this place, the food is fantastic. Great spices and good quality food for the price :)
uni, blue fun tuna, seaweed salad tasting, wine, black cod, ....YUUUUUUUM!!
Great snow cones. Real shaved ice. I was visiting and discovered a little oasis. Highly recommend.
So good! Awesome even if you are not vegan! Perfect if you are vegan AND gluten free.
They do their job well, efficient, no hassle, and helpful!! Very good service -
Yum, like what I had in Hawaii. Good authentic Hawaiian food. I'm eating LauLau & Kailua pork.
I go to this place to purchase my fengshui decor!  Great price and service.
Good locals casino great gaming rooms and comps staff is really friendly I will stay here again.
Great for quick, inexpensive takeout. I really like their hibachi scallop dish.
Amazing food, friendly staff, great prices.  I would definitely go back here, hands down!
I like the pharmacy the people who work there are very nice and help me with all my questions
Jody gives the best tours. They are very helpful and welcoming. Thank you life storage!!
Love the reclining chairs without paying the high cost at other theaters
Not the best breakfast like it advertises! Waitresses are very unprofessional!
Best Chinese place I've had so far ! Food tastes really fresh and unique. Nothing like panda !
Best pizza ever. Flavourful. Sauce is so good and pizza crust. Really reasonably priced as well
!
Ninja roll is amazing. So is their tuna tataki. I have never been disappointed at this location.
My sandwich was awesome & the grilled veggies were phenomenal. I'll definitely be back!
Food was good.  The waitress was awesome!  And live music.  What more can you ask for.
Classic Pittsburgh stop!  Whenever we return to Pittsburgh we make time for this iconic sandwich.
80th Birthday, 9 people, EXCELLENT service from Bridgette , decent price. Great overall experience
Friendly and most of all, very competent and quick service !!!!! Great work
Just ate a delcious Mexican pizza here.  It's so yummy!
Good service here worth the stop especially for the person who likes a good game of pool
I really liked it here. Vibe of restaurant is good, waiters are very friendly, food is good!
First time here food was delicious!! Came here with co workers good server. Great experience
The manager of this store is always grumpy and rude. I now drive a few extra miles to avoid them.
no more food frome this place food there sucks i got sicks after try chesburger with frise
Our waitress Amanda was friendly and attentive.  The food was wonderful.  I recommend this Ihop.
Amazing atmosphere. Food is consistent,  parking can be tough but it is just a heavy plaza
The food was fantastic. My husband and I got the oysters, they were so fresh and delicious
An italian place that can not seat a family of 10 what a joke!
Great for the kids. Can pet animals and get really close to them.
Wonderful library and wonderfully helpful staff.  Love this little place
If you want a glass of ice with a dash of Clamato, this is the place to go.
The food here is fantastic, affordable and the service is amazing. Ellen is the best server!
Great breakfast, always a pleasure to eat here. Prices are great to and a great atmosphere!
Meilleur resto portugais de Montr al, avec une cave tr s  labor e
Great food and service. Greg really was attentive and did a great job.
Resurfaced my pool, did an OK job but was overpriced and customer service was not the best.
Considering it's on the strip and great prices great value and they always have awesome food
This place is great...so many options and super good.  Staff is always nice.
It is probably the best dinner I have ever had. I would visite there again. Also nice outdoor patio
this place is crazy good awesome food great atmosphere. 10"s across the board!
Lou is larger than life whose crepes equal the  creperie in paris. Dickens would approve
The cashier Beverly is almost always in a bad mood . She is terrible.  The Staffs never looks happy.
Friendly staff but consistently the slowest Chipotle I've ever been to. Also too many hipsters.
loved it. The food was delicious, service was phenomenal and the portions were perfect.
Awesome nail salon clean and nice staff busy but first time was an amazing experience
Had Melissa cut and Style my hair and she ALWAYS does an EXCELLENT job!! Thanks once again Melissa!!
This  is a solid low price breakfast place. I like the mini omelets. Good service and good food.
Wonderful neighborhood speakeasy. Good drinks and fun times. Try the Brussels sprouts.
Great food, coffee and service. It's mom and pop places like this that should be supported.
Don't order a shake. it's more like a wendy's ice cream than a shake. A straw will not work.
Really wanted to try this place out! Got seated and then ignored for 20 minutes. So nope.
Warm fresh baked bread....The Best
oph is so good!  anything on the menu is worth trying and the service is always exceptional.
Mike the bartender was great. Brisket nachos were okay. Loved the pull pork queso dip.
Good food, good beer selection, good staff, BUT they allow people to smoke so it ruins it for us.
This place is so cool!! Great food, staff, decor and an amazing patio.  Can't wait to come back.
Good place to eat, food is delicious, staff is amazing, will definitely comeback again
Great vegetarian burrito, and their hot sauce tasted homemade.  Cheap too!
very pasty broth but delicious. the location is off the strip so not as convenient
Good food pizza wings beer prices are ok happy hour is good I would come back and tell others
Creative menu ideas. Good tasting all around. Great break from the 'normal' sandwich stops.
Okay food nothing special. Brushetta chicken dry and not much flavor.  Beer was good!
Had a quick take out lunch here. Food was good and ready in a matter of minutes.  I'll be back.
I can't believe I've waited this long....simple, hearty, delicious.  This place is a winner.
Gotta get the hair right for Miami!  Cheap, usually quick and some hot women cutting hair
Love this nail salon! Tiffani is awesome, she did exactly what I asked for. Definitely coming back!!
Just visited again last night. I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Greatest calzones ever. Yum, yum, yum.
Late night stop for some hookah coals. Awesome service. Definitely will come back here.
Great place to watch a game. They don't take reservations. The steakhouse sandwich is amazing.
Don't come on Tuesdays. They reserve the whole restaurant for trivia with only reservations.
Good variety of Asian grocery food. Price is reasonable. There is good vegetable selection.
Best breakfast joint in town , fresh food and the service is fast. Highly recommended.
Great variety of tasty Hakka style Chinese food. Prompt service and reasonable prices.
Awesome! This little quaint place was right up our alley. Fresh cocktails and a delicious food!!
Great food and service. The establishment is also clean and well kept by staff and management.
Simply the best BBQ I've had in Arizona.
I won't waste my time and money on this place - horrible food and kinda dirty and smelly
Great local place for a show.
Great pizza if you dig real pizza! Just like Europe! Big ups!
Great food! Service was pretty good. I wish they had mimosas, but we'll definitely be back.
see;s candies make great gifts!
Their bowls are the best and their special sauce!! Wish one was closer to where I lived.
Atrocious customer service. Store is dimly lit and cashiers are rude. Go to Fry's. This store sucks.
Vogue is always delicious. Whatever you do make sure to get the truffle mac and cheese.
This place never disappoints! Pizza is sways amazing and I think it beats any other in the area.
Amazing evening at our friends birthday tonight. Friendly staff, great mimosas, excellent crepes!
The food was excellent, everyone has been very nice, I will definitely be back ! Great job chef Tran
Disappointing. Long lines, crowded foyer, so/so service, mediocre pizza. Won't be back.
This is my third time having dinner here.  The quality is good and tasty.  I likevthis place a lot.
If you have any light left in your heart, just go into this store. That is all.
It's expensive but it's tons of fun... We took the kids and they loved it.
Tried the Caesar Salad was so very GOOD !  I posted a photo of the long line, and the JUMBO shrimp !
Fun place to share a few plates of food with friends. Fast service/helpful waiter.
The staff is amazing, the rooms are gorgeous, and the setting as a whole is so warm and cozy!
It's a cute store. But everything is hilariously overpriced. Um... Synthetic falsies for $30? LOL
This is a cute bar. Pretty small. Wish it attracted a younger crowd..felt really out of place.
Great bubble tea. Ive tried almost every flavour and it's always good. Price cannot be beat.
Loved the food and the ambiance of this place. Staff was really nice and helpful as well
This is my favourite place. Love their rolls snd biryanis. Price is reasonable. Friendly owner
No change after a year!  Still absolutely great care from all their team and Tony is still my man!
Lunch buffet was good and tasty. Had good number of veggie options. Service of Hotel staff was nice.
Best Crispy Chicken Taco's EVER! All around great food!!!
I'm addicted to the tostones and pastellilo! Food is good and priced reasonably.
Awesome food!  Carnitas are fantastic. Good service for lunch.  Love this place!  Authentic.
Sandwiches were good and service was good. No complaints here!
Sucky ass waiter n bar can't even order more thn a drink at a time on my birthday. Not cool at all!
Lowe's is Lowe's is Lowe's.  It's a different selection of goods than HDepot and it's convenient.
Good, greasy pizza to absorb some booze from your system.
If you want a mediocre buffet at best with extra salty foods, then this is your spot.
Fast service, got an appointment easily. The worker was friendly and quick. Highly recommend.
Nothing but good care for me and my kids.  The new emergency "room" is efficient and well staffed.
Friendly staff.. Not impressed with the food.   Nothing like Zaxbys, not from here sorry.
The Best Hotdog on the planet! This place is an Icon to the Burgh!
If you're looking for cheap and very good quality Asian food, this is your place! Sushi is great!
Love this place the dungin crab with salt and pepper is deliceous great food and customer service
Trivia on Wednesdays at 8pm with Rob from Little Dreamer Productions!
Great food ,The best crab cakes in town. We all ways bring friends there
I guess it doesn't help that I despise shopping at Walmart, but dirty Walmarts take the cake. Yuck!
Food is great, staff excellent.  I personally just prefer a quieter place.
clean  and friendly staff dumplings were cool...most of them have soup inside of dumpling.
Food is great, good price and beautiful decor.
Modern theatre with 24 screens.  Huge!
This place is awesome! My favorite is the Garlic Spinach pizza.
Great customer service! Got me in and out for fixing my tail light. I highly recommend coming here.
Really tasty. Was at Spring Mountain location, lady's a crack up. Loaded up for under $8.
Cheesesteak was great and their captains hot sauce is amazing
Nice place for a good time with family or friends!  Lemon Parmesan Shrimp! Just perfect!
Raw fish is bomb! Everything on the menu is good! Come before 6 or make reservations its GOOD!!
I would work for free for the rest of my life I could eat their nachos every day!
I could use their pita bread and wrap every meal I have in it.  Great stuff!
Great homemade cheap lunch. Loved it.
The best Mediterranean food I have ever tried ! Definitely a place I would recommend to everyone !!!
Free meal on your birthday!  Food is amazing, atmosphere is fun, 5 stars easy...
Best food ever, for a great price! Owner always comes out and says hello, love this place!
A good place to eat some Japanese food. The udon is really good n prepared fresh daily.
Clean car.  Friendly people.  No complaints. I will rent from them again.
Still the best Sushi in town!  If you have a question just ask for a recommendation from the staff.
A great place to gamble with nice friendly dealers and gamblers. Clean bathrooms, good food.
Films, live theater and music in a cool little space.
Love the location very clean and comfortable atmosphere  Red Velevet Cup Cake is my favorite.
dont u love it when things stay consistent? had a blast! best time in vegas! guaranteed
Great chili cheese burger. Messy and gets all over your hands and fingers! Fantastic!
It is the worst place to have food in vegas, pls don't try this place, you will regret.
A very trustworthy and honest company! They came quickly and definitely did not overcharge!
Crazy large portions and a wide variety, but nothing stood out as amazing from what I ordered here.
Great food!  BBQ pizza and fontina burger wonderful.  Need more places like this closer to home!
There were zero other people here aside from my friend and I.
Great food, great atmosphere! It's a party on the beach all day, everyday! :)
Super sloooooowwwwwwww, but I'm was at the Excalibur and wanted Starbucks
The best boneless chicken wings! Great salads! Great staff! I eat here a few times a week!
Cole had excellent customer service and really made our visit exceptional!!  Thank you Cole!
Very average run of the mill buffet. Prices are above average. Nothing special but not awful
The best advice I can give is to tell you to request LINDA as your waitress !!!
cheap pool and drink specials, can't go wrong for a block from my place
Great food, Great Atmosphere. I love going on Friday's for the Salsa dancing and drink !
Not bad, great service, the food absolutely great. And I ate like there was no tomorrow. Yum
Today was my first day here. Wonderful coffee and food. I love the environment. Will be back!
Fresh healthy food and fantastic friendly employees (yes they smile).  Love this place!
A completely awesome experience!  Love the atmosphere, fantastic drinks, and the best mixologist!!!
Dan & Bill were great. We were in and out with no problems. We love our new Serta!
I love this restaurant, Marcel and Diala are so friendly and welcoming and the food is delightful!
Great food, pub feel, great service, good selection of beers, and all around awesomeness!!!!!
Always have the best prices and great selection.  I highly recommend DS nutrition to all my friends.
OMG amazing savory croissants and sweet treats. The best pastries I've had in a long time!!
I bring my watches to their watch dept for service and will continue to do so.  They are very quick.
Very nice clean and organized good food. Highly recommended place for coffee beaks and meet people.
The sushi was really high quality along with their beef and chicken. The wait staff is very nice.
The room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut. Not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day.
If you've never been, you gotta go! One of the most beautiful pieces of the earth on this planet.
Excellent!!! Great place for coffee and excellent selection of pastries and sandwiches.
Good food. Never had a pupupas before, but would get it again. Service could be a bit better though.
Nice place, trendy, great mimosas, great place after a vegas hangover!
Favourite no nonsense breakfast/brunch spot. Great food and service with reasonable prices
Best breakfast in town! The pancakes are so big I think they flip them with a forklift!
Love this place, great environment and great food. Kind of a hidden place but will keep coming back!
Bree our server did a fantastic job. A great place to get a big meal for a great price.
Nasty, hate this place. Don't understand why people are obsessed with nasty fried chicken.
I really like this place. so calm with delicious dishes!
I had more fun at the Arizona State Fair and paid a lot less.  That about sums it up !
Really good deal on the lunch buffet! And the food was very good too.   I'll most defiantly be back!
Nice place Mike & Rhonda! I love the special order omelet I get every time. Good food good service.
Their burek is amazing! Everything there is so fresh & delicious . Best European pastries as well.
very good fried chicken and the glazed rolls,mash potatoes and gravy are very good as well
Grade: D+  Chain restaurant food. Loud and chaotic. Eat somewhere else.
Great store, helpful staff, awesome food,  yoga pants and more.
I am a fan.  I really liked this place. Good pho and affordable prices.
I love the location. I love the staff. I love the flavors. This place is the bomb.com :)
Burgers here were amazing. Chill atmosphere and well priced. I want to go back so bad!!!
Always on time. Always courteous. Moved to this cleaner from another in Matthews, much happier.
Great food and service! Love the kale goat cheese omelet and the awesome coffee! I love this place.
Amazing. Great staff. Clean place easy to find location
Good burger, found this place on IDine.
I've grown to really like this place. Good coffee. Love their chai. Nearby which is convenient.
Best place in town to work, best place in town to do business!! Love the staff and management here!
Delishhhh ! Chicken & Steak Bowl - super healthy and it's delicious ! So much better than madness !
I got the crappers... but besides that I enjoyed the food. They also had fast delivery!
Really like the wontons in soup, their chilli oil, as well as the fried fish skin! Quick and cheap!
Always a fun place to go to for a pizza cookie, salad, pizza, etc. Friendly service too.
Almost two years later and the quality and customer service has not wavered!!!! Thank you Petiamo!!
Great place if you cab get in. Try the blue cheese cheese cake for dessert!
Longest wait ever biggest dmv I ever saw so many people they were lined up outside crazy
Best sandwich in town, and the side salad. Top notch lunch. Highly recommended, good vibes
Clean, nice, easy to book. Megan was very friendly and professional. I would definitely go back.
Yum! We love it :) Everything is good. We just tried the Grilled Wedge salad, and it was amazing!
Best sushi ever .. my favorite is the hot papa roll . I just wish they stayed open longer .
Best Sushi in the North Charlotte area! The thump roll is my favorite!
These are so yummy fresh. Don't leave it hours later or it will be too dry to swallow
The best.  Don't ever miss their truck when you get near it.
Great food, decent prices, nice portions.
Great ramen and great service. Can't recommend enough! Also, their gy za are to die for!
Great price Fresh Big portion Yummy food
I love to come for the Micheladas!! Spicy and delicious with whatever beer u prefer!:)
Horrible customer service and food was raw ..   they can't seem to make a burger correctly
By far my favorite tapas restaurant in NC. Always come in whenever I'm in town for work
Best fish and chips in town. A great place to eat.  Nice patio and usually good service
Loved it. It's cute and tiny, tasty food and staff was friendly. Prices weren't bad either.
Extremely slow, inattentive service. The owner was extremely rude. The food was average at best.
First time here, giving Momo Sushi five stars, great sushi great service, good price...
Amazing food, unbelievable ambiance. Keep up the good work! Compliments to the Chef!
These donuts are awesome! Better than any donut shop in town. You will not be disappointed!
CJ and the gang always take care of me and the cars I bring through!
Used to go here for the lamb biryanni 10 bucks feeds 2 people  This place is now closed
Are you kidding? Have you been here? Blows roscoes chicken and waffles out the window.
this place is *CLOSED*. i went there last week and i was told it's a showroom now, not a coffeeshop.
Great food but wait times can be long, especially on weekends.
Great selection, knowledgeable assistance available.  Have everything you forgot at home.
Wow.
Best of everything!!!  Grape ice cream is a must try. They are more than generous with their scoops.
Love this subway! Totally awesome people that work there!! I love going there on my lunch breaks!
Best breakfast in the burgh!  Only complaint is that they don't take credit cards :(
This is the only guy I trust!!!! Great fast friendly service
Quik trip is very quick, awesome service. Always greeted with a smile. Recommend them to all.
Takeout kiosk only. Great Pakistani fast food. Bun kebabs and qeema naans are amazing. Good tea too
Bom servi o, mas o ambiente   muito barulhento, aa mesas s o muito pr ximas uma das outras.
Used to be good. The new management and menu have destroyed it. No more poutine, I mean come on!
Great cappuccino! Very friendly people working here.  Gluten free options would be a nice bonus.
Best chik-fil-a around. Super friendly staff, clean facility, great food!
Absolutely love.  Very friendly staff and great food.
Very good hidden gem for breakfast! Nice atmosphere and in the heart of Southern Highlands!
The carnitas were a delight, good flavor and presentation with warm tortillas. The service was good.
Saundrea is amazing she's the reason my guy and I bought memberships
Very good traditional Egyptian street food! Try the koshari and taamia, you won't be disappointed!
I love going here. The staff is also very nice and friendly. I also like the coffee shop there.
This place is the bomb! I love their hummus!  It's great that they are still there.
top notch.  unreal good.  nuff said.
Great southern food with a new twist! Service is ok, it was better in Ashville.
Delicious and very close to home!  It's nice to not have to drive to China town for some ramen!
Did not had the car, did not refund the deposit, rude customer service.
Very good smoked salmon wrap ! Always nice place me and my boyfriend can grab lunch !
Rid culos! So tasty.  Treat yourself to this little gem before the line reaches Argentina.
Very reasonable prices. Clean. Lots of room to fold. Pics of celebrities on the walls. No bathroom.
Good job Gatos. I only rent from this location.
Margaritas were solid, tacos were delicious, atmosphere is energizing.
I'll never go anywhere else. Great prices, nice people,  and most importantly honest!
This is a wonderful store. The manager Dawn goes above and beyond to make her customers happy.
Okay but weak taste profile ... Needs stronger flavor ... Expensive not worth the price
Freshly cooked lunch.  Quick, closeby, very tasty.  I would highly recommend.
Wonderful - exactly what we wanted.  good price - great service.
Excellent New Mexico style food, great hatch green chile.
Good service. We found the broth to be mediocre. Otherwise, they sell pad Thai which is really good!
Quick, efficient and dirt cheap for an airport rental.  We even got an upgrade!
Grabbed a creme br l e gelato after dinner. It was good but not $6.95 for a cup good.
A hotel attached to a casino and a mall... dangerous... but so fun.
Bon service et vraiment pas cher! La terasse est trop mignonne, avec un bon verre de limonade
excellent breads and buns and bagels and coffee  nice and clean environment and well, good music
I had the Mr. Ruben and it was delicious and the 1,000 tasted homemade.  Wow, just wow!
So good!  Ill be going to taco tuesday tommorow. Green chilie beef is awsome. Sooooo good
Great Dr's very nice surrounding. Alway friendly and informing. I will be back for sure. 5 stars .
Great time out!
Limited menu with forgettable food and service. I expected more from a Hyatt property.
Great show! 90 minutes of nonstop entertainment. Saw it twice and hope to see it again soon :-)
Nice atmosphere.  service.  Food was just OK . . . Kind of pricey for what you are getting.
Great food and relaxing atmosphere.
Love all of the vegetarian and even vegan options. Service is always personal and outstanding !
Revitalized last year's boots!  All I can say is I will be back any time I need anything.
Have lunch and lose brain cells at the same time with Fox Noise being blasted at you.
The food is delicious and the portions are perfect! Never fail to satisfy. Will come back again!
Great food , staff jasmine is just great ,  bar management top notch awesomeness , luv it
The car wash wasn't bad. The vacuums are self-service and the suction sucks and not in a good way.
The food is expensive but always is worth the price. I'm always beyond happy with whatever I order.
I went here with Debra R and Jose R. The hotel room was really nice. The lobby had a fancy look.
Probably the best price for the buffet and very delicious food and a great price, place and value
I stopped by for national ice cream day! It was just as good as I remembered as a kid!
Try the velvet pancakes is so delicious! Small place but clean. Good service!
Just like New York style nuyorican food
Food was meh. Nothing to write home about and pretty expensive.
I'm so happy Carmine's is closer to home for me! Loved it! Food was just a great as it was in NYC!
Amazing service and great food. Big portions but we cleared it all. Would definitely recommend it!
Glad I found this dry cleaner. Fantastic customer service! Great coupons online and on their app
Great food and fast but don't try the pomegranate juice if you haven't had it before.
Mediocre massage that was WAY overpriced. Not a big fan of being massaged thru a towel.
Much closer than Columbia or Asheboro zoo if you want to see the animals in their natural habitat.
Absolutely amazing, swanky, classy, delectable, body rubbable and so much more.
Wow!  Our new best place!  This is a jewel for west LV...  We will be back.
Lucky to get one of the best seats in the house. Thank you hostess!
Mmmmmm such a lovely experience. Good drinks. Good food.
Excellent food , and service .   Will return it's a great place. But they like reservations
Great food and a quick place to grab a well cooked meal. Amazing service and worth the tip!
Pretty average taco for a 60-70 minute wait. These guys are not ready for a prime time showdown.
LOVE this place.  The banana, nut chocolate cake, I got for my birthday was DELICIOUS!
Cool deli/grocery market. Didn't try the sandwiches, but the store side is great for gifts.
In city ski area and athletic complex. Doesnt get any better.
Food is always fresh and constantly changed but only complain is the bathroom it really smells
I had the Hatch Burger and Spicy Mac and Cheese Burger. Great food but the service is a little slow.
Outstanding customer service. Great job to the team at PHX.
Nice place.  Good food.  Lobster roll good.  Husband liked the brisket & the tomato bisque
Easily one of the best sushi place in Montreal !!   AMAZING :) Try it out.
Good food very clean Very hotThis stuff Guys I like go to the golden bakery good stuff over there
A nice clean theater that's never packed with people. Nice friendly staff and good concessions
A great Summer time place to eat. Their fries are crazy good!
A big fan of the cotton candy. I recommend noca for a dinner date or business meeting. Great spot
Geek paradise. Puts Best Buy to absolute shame. The greatest store in the history of mankind.
BEST!!! Place to eat it's fun the chef will keep  great drinks good FUN!!! Take ur date here too
Do not leave your homes to go to this restaurant! The place is nice but the food isn't worth.
Cajun shrimp bowl was awesome-food is cooked in front of you and is very fresh.
Thank you for letting me film and take photos of Kyra Batara today..
Great BBQ! Highly recommend sides are very good.
Authentic and tasty curry. The Naam that goes with curry is a must-have.
Everything is ran very smoothly. Nathan was a great help with helping us purchase our new bed.
Very good coffee spot for downtown working people. They also have excellent venoiseries.
They are so consistent. Loved their garden veggie pizza & Pea soup for lunch combo.
RAUL he gets down on doing the rims n drying the car!!!! -ask for RAUL for his service
Best drive thru and quality. Not to mention good customer service. I love this location!
We eat here almost every month, excellent veal and pasta dishes, pizza and likes the seafood salad.
A-1  service! Quite pricey, but it was worth a visit. Our server was so sweet and nice :)
Big jj fish & chicken have the best fried fish chicken &shrimpnice friendly guys work there
The food is amazing but the delivery time is the worst like get more or Get another drivers
Staff is friendly.  But the inventory and selection is a little lacking.
Pad si ew Yellow curry with shrimp Dumplings  Cucumber salad Shrimp and pork plate Pad Thai seafood
It's so good! New York style pizza to die for. Nice staff, nice atmosphere. I dig it.
I like this place when I have the craving for AYCE.  I love the pork belly and the sashimi salad.
Still love this place. You cannot go wrong!
Great selection of beers, good food and plenty of smiles from the staff. Oh and good prices too!
The best blue crab I've ever had in life. I can't even. Can't wait to try it again on my next trip.
love the crab here.  Fairly priced and cheap on Tuesdays and Thursdays!
It's a stadium, why they tore down the old one to build thid one is a mystery to me
Great deal on the s&w victory. Easy and painless. No hassle and friendly staff
Finally!! I found my nail spot!! Excellent work, kind, accommodating, friendly and efficient!!!
My family and I have always had a great meal here. I personally am a big fan of the New York Strip.
Strange cracks than an peeling screen what to expect when going to iPhone doctor be weary.
Sweet, quality service. Definitely know how to make you smile and give you great advice.
Great place for every age group. Experienced coaches, very nice staff. We love it here.
food is good, normal bar food , priced reasonably, wide variety of beers to choose from
This Smith's is low key ghetto but trying its very best oh well I still can buy stuff and whatever
Carrot cake is Devine! The best I've ever  had!
Good burritos, great staff. Always busy but it's worth the wait. Can't go wrong with this location.
Had crab and asparagus benedict and mimosa with my friend Linda.  Great brunch and great company!
The brisket hash is the reason I came back.  They ran out one time and it broke my heart.
My name is Cher and I'm addicted to the Jalapeno Cheese burger!! Delish
Yup, this place is good.  Great wait staff and great food.  Just go and enjoy!
It has the best bier in Montreal. Try once, you'll be fix customer. Like me.
Meilleure pizza du coin. Service de livraison rapide. Quoi dire de plus, c'est la meilleure pizza !
Love the food and the family that owns and runs it are awesome. Great lunch or dinner.  EdT Mesa Az
Chipotle-style food assembly for Mediterranean food. So good........................................
Food was not fresh, even the sushi. Shrimp, mussels, scallops and calamari were chewy.
Matt's is the best. The food is simple, but delicious! Great atmosphere with reasonable pricing!
Best Hawaiian restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down.
I love the strawberry fields martini!
WOW! the owners of this School of Rock studio have a obvius passion for music and kids !!!!
This is the best BBQ! The atmosphere is laid-back and comfortable. Awesome lunch spot!
Inflated prices will not honor the price is displayed in store.  At 2 different stores
Love this place . Rolled ice cream absolutely delicious and unique Comcept . Definitely recommend
Dennys had great food and great service, how ever their crane machines are totally rigged
Great fast food. They go the extra mile for customer service. Love the shakes too.
I have never had any issues with my food, but there is a long wait time on weekends.
Good Greek food. Very good price for the wine. Service was good. I would probably go back.
Kathleen was great, as always. We love working with her and are happy with our purchases!
Many changes since the manager change. Not all the new people up to speed. Hope it gets better
The chicken fried steak is awesome! My favorite though is the potato pancakes!!
Dr. Patel and her staff are always professional and friendly I recommend you to visit them
Great food. Really good Mexican.  They also deliver bus GrubHub they will be on my rotation!
Solid ramen, nice ambience. It's not the best ramen, but it hits the spot and they're open late.
Great place, well maintained, as all Panera's A girl named Evelina helped me, she is the best!
Good quick convienant coffee location. Service is good and friendly
The owner is awesome! Cool guy and great coffee. I like the vibes and it's very comfortable there
Good for rich guy, definitely try fatty tuna: make you feel rich no matter what you are.
Happy hour until 8pm and huge selection of wine and craft beers.  Limited seating so get here early!
Everything is delicious here! Get the pork dumplings and chicken satay for an appetizer!
Food was amazing, but service was so-so, maybe due to a large population coming in to eat!
it was so good they have the freshest and the best food ever I think of them like 12 times a day
Always nommin on their chocolate gobs (whoopie pies) theyre ridiculous
Great! Octopus salad and branzino are winners!
Great local bar. Friendly staff, fun atmosphere. Their burgers and quesadillas are awesome.
Best price quote, nice staff.  Does what they say they will do. Happy with the service.
This place has great beer... and friendly atmosphere I will for sure come back... loved it!
super lomo sandwich is awesome, owner is a chill guy
Typical bar-ish type food. Nothing that really stands out. It's a good place to go out after work.
Dr Sean Reyes is great ! I have seen him several times.
My favorite quaint breakfast place - love the gluten free menu especially the waffles!!
This place was amazing!! Prices are great, and the pizza is crazy good.. I will return!!!
Beautiful store, great selection and the employees are friendly and helpful!   Thank you!,
I usually go to the Second Cup on Parc, but this one is pretty darn good as well. Very large.
Got a ceviche bowl and the portions are tiny for $17. Size of an appetizer? Sure. Main? No.
Nice crew, but I'm always here for what seems like 30 minutes just to get a drink, crowded or no...
best prime rib going! Hands down. excellent service and food is just great!
It's all about the crust!!  Mr. Jims has amazing pizza!  Wish they would deliver to summerlin.
Received this intrusive and illegal phone call today, filed a complaint with DO NOT CALL . GOV
This place has hit rock bottom . Food gone down hill and employees are slow & stupid . Never again
Great CVS. Well stocked and friendly staff. Plenty of parking and good store hours. A+
Great breakfast spot! Always busy but worth the wait. Red velvet pancakes are to die for!
Chilaquiles verdes ARE THE best  i Really like this place (far from me but worth going)
Awesome shoe selection!!
Delicious cup of coffee. Very impressed Mr. Peets.  Will be returning whenever I can
Have been going here for quite awhile and they do such a great job  I highly recommend them
Great little mom & pop Thai food. Had the spicy sesame chicken. Would recommend if like spice.
Food is delicious and authentic! Services is great as well. Favorite place for Mediterranean food
Excellent customer service Charlie killed it on buffing out my black Infiniti awesome dude !!
Sprouting up ramen all the way!  Best in town.  Too bad it's so crowded during lunch though....
Good Food! PLEASE get some new Tv's Not a good place for NFL Sundays!
Love the decor and atmosphere along with the delicious food. We will definitely be back!
I love the 3 meat pizza and combo sticks!!! So delicious! You get more than you paid for
Always friendly and great atmosphere! Clean and relaxing environment....!! I like Chris he's great
Don't go here! Bouncers with egos who like to kick patrons out for no reason! What a joke.
Slow service, seats are uncomfortable, wifi ok but no power outlets. Much better options out there.
This review is for the Carnival Buffet. 10 stars....a must when you visit this city!
My favorite bakery in Charlotte!  Been going since college...that's 10 years now!
It's a beautiful spot with amazing drink specials and strippers who don't harass as much as most.
Man, this place is great. The Shrimp Pho is awesome. Sapporo beer on tap.. Nice. I will be back
Stumbled upon this place on a visit in Toronto and OH MY GOSH. Best pasta I've ever had.
Food was delicious and had excellent service!! Would come back again! The green salsa is so good!
Wow what a great dinner. Food was excellent, service ok, and it has plenty of parking.
One of the best Sushi places. Friendly staff. Fresh food. Reasonable price. Huge quantity. 5 stars!
Shari pours outstanding drinks! I live in SoCal and I feel at home at this place. Good times!
Mystery Diner is a fraud and this company was part if the TV fraud that sweeps the country.
If you are in the neighbrhood and hungry and this is you only option then its OK.
Best Southwest Mexican Food in Phoenix.
Cool concept, just too dang pricy for my taste.
Never failed my tummy!! When I am very hungry and need sushi in my life..AYCE! This is the spot. :)
Great food prepared well romantic atmosphere ....service is wonderful....a good choice
(3.5) ~ good overall food & service  MY MENU: ** Poutine = (4) very good * Burger = (3) ok
Crisp thin crust... I've died and gone to pizza heaven.... Margherita is to die for... Come often!!!
Great portions on everything. Always have doggy bags!!!!  Love to stop in after the movies a GVR.
Got my screen fixed by Kimbo Santiago and he was super quick and easy. Definitely coming back
love this place so much. food is amazing, great server. will definitely re-visit.
If you are craving Indian Food and CHAi (Tea ) in that dessert, try this out!!!
Hands down the best Deli in Cleveland and the customer service here is by far the best I have had.
Liked the food options and quality. Also liked the environment.
The food was great I unusual and fantastic great atmosphere and our therapist Jonathon was awesome
Great patio... Great music.... Decent drinks... I'll be back again!!!
I cannot speak highly enough of their customer service. Best I've ever seen.
SImple to find and great custom made food. Sandwiches, Chips and Drink. No frills but delicious.
Tried the pizza - with brussels sprouts - amazing! The egg on top is fab!
Took Lyft everywhere in SF  while on Vacation.  Use Lyft  here in the valley clean cars no problems.
Been going to Dino's for over 20 yrs. ....wouldn't get a haircut anywhere else !
This is the most unorganized understaffed panera I have encountered Avoid kiosks - dysfunctional
I wish that I had to sh*t right now so I could expel this horrific garbage from my body.
Service was fast and friendly. Got the vehicle type requested. Overall a good experience.
I like all the coupons they're giving out for the holidays! $2.15 for a smoothie cant beat that!
Love Azteca!  Great atmosphere and good food!  Always a fun time with friends at Azteca.
Sat and relaxed did not know what all this was about but it indeed was a good way to kill some time.
Where have you been all my dry leaning life!!! The service, quality and speed are the he best!!
local wonderful place. very delicious garlic sauce. special Colombian taste.
Hidden gem in Chinatown. Udon here nearly good as I have had in Japan. Friendly staff.
Awesome food! One of our favorite spots :-). The Chef's fried rice and bbq chicken is phenomenal.
fantastic customer service and even better food. Very impressed , definitely going back soon!
Love this place. Great people, friendly atmosphere. good is phenomenal. bartenders are great
Customer care is worse, they don't respond well when you try to contact for the service you bought.
Great place for brunch buffet!! This place is very high end. I loved breakfast, lunch and desert.
Real Meat, not like overly processed American Mexican food.  Much better than Taco Bell :P
Brandon was a great help. My car battery was dead and he got me in and out within a few minutes.
Excellent food. Very generous servings. Attentive wait staff. Clean, cool atmosphere.
Excellent espresso, super service, beau d cor: mon nouveau caf  de quartier!
The Cobb Salad and Arizona smoked wings are two of the many favorite items on the menu.
The ice cream was all right but the two pizzas we got were both spectacularly disappointing.
Their coffee was so good! We had a zucchini muffin which was too good to be true!
Holy Hernandez this place is amazing!  Worth the wait!
This restaurant has closed down it is being made into Chucks Roadhouse I live right near it
i like their lavender milk tea as well as their earl grey milk tea. i like how they're piping hot.
Great food, great service, great Jazz on Tuesdays. Just heard Judy Roberts. Amazing!!
worst seaweed ever seen. Worst miso soup ever seen. Bad nigiri and roll. Will never come back again.
Extremely over priced.  Asked for military crease on shirts.  Low and behold, no crease.
service good but a little slow.  Food was soso, nothing special.
Here from the east coast and this place was fantastic! Wonderful service and even better food!!!
Great place for al car services!  Smog Oil Change Car Wash  Gas Video Poker Mexican Grill
Lame lobster rolls not even halfway good after a couple of drinks.
I just love that specialty spinach ricotta pizza!
best fries. lots of vegetarian options. unique burgers. cool decor. friendly waiters/bartenders.
I love this place, the food is the bomb and the kool-aid off da hook...
Delicious! Just what we need in North Scottsdale. Can't wait to come back and try more.
My husband and I order pizza from this location and the food was great.. my children love it. Yummy
I ordered the same dish sorry its that Good! Grilled chicken with veggies we need to come here more
Best beet salad ever - never a disappointment at Heritage
Super casual, buffet style. Long lines always so get there early!
I needed a cigarette after the No Poblano burger it was that good.
The fish and chips are to die for, and the burger was pretty tasty.   We really liked this place.
Wow omg im speechless the best pizza in the world thank u guys!!!! Everything is absolutely amazing
Best Thai food outside of Thailand. Period.  It's also a pretty good place for a date!
Somewhat helpful staff (at lease they are nice). Really affordable and great hours.
Best bar/food I've had in Las Vegas.  Everything was excellent.
La vita   bella qui  fettuccine contadina e sorbetto sono deliziosi!! Grazie mille!!!
We loved the live music and outdoor patio. Food was great. Very authentic.
Excellent fried chicken and cornbread, spicy collards and yams to live for. Well worth the wait.
OMG.. what can I say but YUMMY!! Be prepared for a long wait.. but Very much worth it ..
Food always good Need to upgrade silverware Forks are really bad
I use them very often, great service, great way of saving money and stress free! :)
STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION! Unless you enjoy being physically attacked by employees 4x your size.
Green Tea Smoothie !!!!  Hell yes!
Great staff! Great doctors. They make it easy and painless to get their MMJ card.
Three of us enjoyed our rolls and sushi( no spicy sauce) we'll be back for more fresh fish.
Great attentive staff that really helped with hip pain.
Kids had fun. Came two days in a row. Staff is really cool and friendly. Great place for families.
Gustavo was amazing!!! Not only was he so sweet but he was so helpful! I'll be back just for him!
Absolutely awesome. 50 cent wings, $2 beer, a raffle with prizes at half time. Need I say more?
Very friendly staff. Great flavors and textures.  Try the pizza or the lasagna.
Good and consistent. We rely on delivery here at work. The Yelp menu and order on line was punctual.
Nothing like spending 25 minutes waiting for food just to have them mess up your order.
North Commerce location is NASTY & DIRTY. Went in and and quickly changed my mind about ordering.
prettydamngood...but i suggest you skip the o-chicken salad because it ain't one
Good little Vietnamese joint. Have eaten here a few times and haven't been disappointed yet.
Loved it... very big portions! And the service is out of this world! OH and I took the scorpion shot
Sweet tea, good company and awesome vibes at Zada Jane's.  Time to plan my next trip to Charlotte.
Seafood platter was fresh and delish! Server wha great but don't remember his name :/
Here on vacation this is where I began to love taco's ... I highly recommend this place....
Has the old Vegas feel, which is nice. The food is good, but nothing super memorable.
The lemon pepper wings and the hot garlic wings we're absolutely delicious and we will be returning!
Buffet is ok..didnt do justice to the reviews.. dal is awesome but wouldn't come back again
Friendly staff, could use more seat/table space inside.
Gotta love this place! It's the owner is Italian!
Aguste 4,2017 Still no working refrigerator.
Very old and dirty vans.
Best sushi in Las Vegas!!! Would definitely go back again
Amazing!!! Highly recommended if you are looking for an amazing affordable massage this is the place
The salon is staged well and makes you feel relaxed. Good service and my nails always look great.
Wow!! The smell alone is amazing! The complementary tea is wonderful! I love it here!
Hands down, the best vape store around. Great customer service, fantastic prices, the best!
A great place for food and the prizes are way better than anything I've seen in an arcade
Such a loser of a place! Fascist style rude and unpleasant staff who are amateurs at best!
I love this place. Top quality food that is very unique to the area. The desserts are amazing
Good food, good pho, get the large bowl worth it. Friendly, great service and great people.
After checking out several other gyms, LVAC has the best price and options.
5/15 and completely out of gas.  Nice management you got that lets a gas station run out of gas.
Great view, but drinks are very pricey. $11 for crown & ginger and $8 for OMB copper.
HONEST and reliable. Quick turn around with great consistent customer service. Highly recommend.
Great customer service! Food came out right away. Try garlic butter with the shoyu ramen!
Perfect neighborhood bar! Good food and fairly priced.
Phenomenal experience. Worth every dollar. If I could go here for every special occasion...
Uhhh I am thoroughly offended by this place and their snooty attitude. Get real.
Awesome place to walk dogs, ride bikes, and watch the other people enjoying the trails and lake.
Nice find while browsing Boulder Old Town. Attentive staff, and a unique menu. Good food.
Amazing and crave-worthy... wanna blow their minds? Be caucasian and order #8... you're welcome.
Hearty and nice portions. I like to eat here and sit outside in the summer.
I have always been treated extremely well by very qualified personal. Honest and fair pricing.
Amazing, fresh and delicious.  What a find.  Even our 8 year old was delighted with his meal.
Pretty fun place, nice candy selection and plenty of souveineers for tourists like me to take home
This place is amazing. Great food and great service...and their home made salsa is delicious....
Food very so-so, but great summer patio at a prime Beach location.
Was treat like a rockstar with white Glover service by Rico and staff. They are absolute
My favorite sushi restaurant. Great atmosphere during the day and night! Happy hour prices.
Draft selections are good...service is lousy...food is sub par. Not in a hurry to return.
AYCE here is okay. Service is okay, but the sushi quality is okay.
OMGthis pizza is the bomb that's all i gotta say!
My first visit to Vegas and I have to say that The Laundry  Room welcomed me with open arms.
Jill made a slow night for me and the guys a bit more fun! Thanks!
Had the fish and chips. Damn good and very nice people. Total hidden gem.
Been here a couple times for the burger with the pretzel bread bun, which is really good.
Outstanding brews and great food selection.
Not the friendliest. Borderline rude. It's successful because of the food not the employees!
Honestly subpar food that was soggy, bland, and took forever to come out. Would not come here again
Pizza was too grease for me. Sauce had no flavor. Was disappointed in the final product.
Center Strip!!! Awesome Rooms!! A Mall below the Casino!! Done!
Worst pizza I've ever had. Crust was flimsy, flavorless, saturated  and soggy. Gross.
Great place for Brunch Buffet! Highly recommended it! Great Food, Service, and Variety!
A+++ for customer service, taste of food, and value. Definitely felt welcome and will return!
We just stumbled upon this place for quick lunch. Good food great service and Thali was awesome.
Food was excellent, and a very nice presentation of food!  I highly recommend the French Onion Soup!
I love the sections of food (American, Mexican, Asian, etc..), I recommend this place
Passionate customer service from John in tool rental/Penske rental. Attentive and friendly.
They have since called and apologized for our maintenance requests "falling through the cracks"
Super tasty and a much better deal than the chain sub joints.  If you haven't tried it, you need to!
Didn't Disappoint - Yeehaa Stampede!  Kids Loved the pool
Just ok.
Great experience, food,service....all what you want  for breakfast.. highly recommended!
Quick and efficient in fixing our gas oven, great experience.
This is by far the best place to get coffee on Roncesvalles.
You are crazy if you pass this one up! A complete blast every time we go.
We so love your Greek Salad w/ Grilled Chicken. It is the bomb.
Lockaid USA was quick, nice reasonable price.
Really like the place, so cute and good food and coffee! Definitely recommend this place
Great place to chill out, good food ...I luv the sampler platter ...
Limited inventory and lackadaisical customer service.
John Lewis did a great job! I can honestly say it was the best hair cut I have had in years!
OOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!! Best barbecue I have had apart from a specific food truck in Nashville!!
Best of the best ingredients, Sicilian shape but NY thin.  The perfect pizza and wonderful owners!
Food so nice we came back twice on our vacation.  I recommend the red velvet pancakes
Back again Happy Hour :-)  Taco and Tequila Tuesday ! Drinks and tacos are great ! Deeeeelicious !!
Delicious french toast, western omelette and great customer service. Will keep coming back.
Great prices and salsa red and green.  Stick to the basics and you won't be disappointed
Yummy!! Great place if you have a hankering for Cajun seafood. Very authentic southern style food.
Great, quick Pad Sew!  Brand new location, clean and a definite return visit in my future.
The basement restroom area stinks like rotten milk and bleach but the Kishka is outstanding.
Always consistently great food.  My favorite crab puffs, beef with broccoli and house noodle soup.
Need wins for your next party?  These guys can hook you up!  Love the honey BBQ!  Many flavors.
I've lived in Arizona for almost two years now, and this place is by far the BEST in the valley!
Cool place, very European. Worth the $5 to go see the inside. Was the highlight of Montreal.
Greta food. Prices are a bit high comparatively.  Atmosphere is laid-back. Nice little patio
Non c'e  male for an American pizza chain: takeout fast, toppings savory.
Order this - Antipasto Salad w/house dressing, Deep Dish Deluxe....you're welcome
Edible Arrangements in North York is great.
Decent happy hour. Great atmosphere. Draught beer could definitely be colder. Icy mug would help
Super quick and awesome service. Went above and beyond to save me money and get me into my place!
Great restaurant. Awesome service. Ask Megan to make fun of anyone you want and she'll do it! :)
Great store with plenty of stock.  Friendly helpful staff.
Their happy hour is great!!! Dont miss it!
Popusas lindas. Neseras buenas.. Digo digo buenad popusas y lindas meseras YO REGRESO...
This place will rip you off and sabotage your car, do not go here. Check the other 1 star reviews.
Pretty nice for an airport bar. Just had a bloody mary, but the food looked good.
I've had my hair done by both Sierra and Zack. I couldn't have been happier with both stylists.
It was greasy, they don't put onions in the hashbrowns. I would not recommend this place
Super good food, love the strawberry cream crepes!! Not a long wait to be seated. Staff is pleasant.
Great coffee, Good Food and Friendly wait staff. Solid all around off strip dining.
Very nice mall. Lots of great shops. Easy to navigate . Lots of things to do here and buy.
Been coming to Gus for about 4 years and never let me down. Definitely a 5 star barber
15 cent wings on Tuesdays.
Over 30 min in drive thru to realize the food i received was over cooked and disgusting.
Great customer service! Took their time to educate us on the different types of machines.
Fantastic, especially the chicken and avacado sandwich. I gladly return over and over again.
The burgers are great, but you can freeze your ass off on these metal chairs.
The Crispy Duck is one of my favorites! Very sweet and caring staff!
Pretty good. Almost always fresh.
Excellent sushi. Great for a little stop for a craving or an entire meal.
Don't come here. Rude service, and unknowledgeable workers.
The strawberry pancakes were suburb. Sweet and tasty.
This was a wonderful place with great bartenders and live music. We will be coming back for sure.
Delicious! Great food, great service, excellent martini! Beautiful view, reasonable prices!
It really shouldnt take 25 minutes to get food without a big crowd. Maybe 4 others in lobby
Useless shitbag place only sells 2 pizzas. How about people who only want one pizza. Don't bother.
I'm a coffee enthusiast and I strongly encourage everyone to taste this cafe area. #MuyDelicioso
YES YES YES YES  One of my favorite lunch spots downtown.  $5 delicious Indian food cannot be beat!
Best Mexican in Vegas. Very good quality of food for fraction of the cost.
Best basha I've been to. Amir does not compare. Awesome food and staff is super nice.
One of the best Montreal style bagels available in Toronto! The flat bagels are really good!!
Nice yummy place to have breakfast! Awesome service as well! Definitely will go back!
Solid spot for a good, clean meal. Quick and healthy if you are on the run. A new 'go to' for sure
Best pizza in Vegas. Comparable to Bleecker Pizza in NYC.
Tuck away from strip. Bought so many gifts to  give away to family. Unbelievable selection of cards.
Pas un endroit pour le caf . Par contre la cr me glac e est superbe ainsi que le personnel.
Very poor service waited in lobby for 30 min while so called bankers looked at computer screen
Very good. Nice flavors. Fresh ingredients. Believe the hype.
Fixed our fan/light, great customer service-polite, efficient. Would recommend to friends.
They have changed. The service and the food are pretty good. Try the Al Pastor tacos.
Very nice atmosphere, good food and coffee.  This location is larger than the NoDa location.
Best wings in town. Great burgers. Best HH and nightly specials. Find a Zipp's near you.
Definitely best party bus in Vegas.. the hostess were very friendly and made the night fun.
Great Restaurant! Large Portions and good food.
Love, love The Little Gym! I'm not sure who has more fun, my husband and I or our daughter!!
Love the early show prices. Love being able to walk here as I live in the downtown core.
flawless performance ....john stamps is the best ....will refer all my friends and family
Food was decent for a Korea restaurant for a also decent price. The service was okay too.
Went in one time. Bagels are way too salty!! Literally made me sick to my stomach. Never again!
Great atmosphere.. even greater Staff... Crepe Expectations exceeded mine.. cool Lil Vegas getaway
Horrible! Entire place smells like a urinal cake. Food some of the worst I've ever had. Stay away.
If you want amazing shirts, with amazing customer service, Acme Prints is you place!
Though this place is very close to home, I'm proud to say I've never eaten at this garbage dump!  :)
No Problems and Good Location.  Pat and crew always have great customer service.
Upperscale decor. Good cocktails and some of the best sushi I've ever had. I'll be back.
Excellent food for a good price. Would highly recommend to anyone for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Great soup! Chicken enchilada soup is on point. Great custom sandwich. Grilled chicken is the bomb
What's not to like, clean, friendly staff, great sandwiches  and they have EEGEES!!!!
I'm on love with their spinach and mushroom eggs Benedict! Such a great brunch spot!
Never order U-Dong! It's gonna take you more than half an hour before you could start.
Sam is great and so it this place! Amazing prices. If you need something special he's your guy!
Amazing friendly staff that goes the distance to inform clients. I am happy I found this place.
Probably my favorite sushi place, the food is great and you can't beat their happy hour prices.
Food is amazing.... Service is not very good... Extremely disappointed in the service tonight...
nice.. 24 hr bun mi.. how can u go wrong!!
Chicken is fantastic so crispy much spice inside. No blood left in the chicken like KFC and popeyes.
What a great place to see and enjoy local comedians.  Easy parking at Liberty & Smithfield.
Fun place! Great music, decent dancing area and good food. Locals pay less than visitors. Yay lol
Arizona has many good Mexican food restaurants, but Valle Luna is one of the best
Awesome local bands, and great prices on drinks.
burned my wings and then wouldn't give me a credit!!! Sucky overpriced wings, don't go there!!!
Had a chorizo and egg burrito. It was actually really good!! A little pricey but I would go back.
Love love love their shakes!! Their fries are amazing too.
An okay brunch place. It has all the usual brunch dishes but isn't very extraordinary.
Right out of the cafes of Southern France. The sandwiches are divine.  Owner Olivier is a gentleman.
In and out in just a few minutes.  Great pick up service.  Good rates.
Overpriced letdown.  The vegan burger was mushy.  3 burgers and 2 shakes was over $50.
Love this place. Its near my home and its always clean and friendly. Food is good too.
Food was good, service was great. decent price, enjoyed my lunch
Good brunch, as usual We were accommodated despite the very short notice and Sunday's crowd.
Slow, didn't even have 1 pepperoni and 1 crazy bread ready... Thursday night too, understaffed?
Very good ayce, sushi sashimi everything was great. Just that they don't have crab sashimi
Pricy but the beer is cold, it's on Mill so be prepared for drunk kids everywhere.
Eclectic, foodie, trendy -- all in a good way.  With excellent artwork and outdoor seating.
Excellent fried shrimp with crispy (cornmeal?) batter; cute decor and friendly employees.
Great food and attentive, yet not disturbing service. Oh, and it's BYOW, which you should do do :)
If you want to have a great dining experience you have to request Lauren as your you server, period.
too much bread!
Best BURGERS and sides on three planet! All scratch made at a great price! Get a soda float AWESOME!
Mmmmm, the signature mama is so yummy!  I love that they deliver to my home too!
Best value BBQ place in town. We went in on a hot summer day, 110+; wish the A/C could be better!
I tried pozole. It was so good! This place is very busy!! Will definetly come back for pozole. :)
We went with our granddaughter after preschool and had a blast! Great outing for all ages.
The sliders are my favorite. They blow White Castle out the water. The nachos are pretty good also!
Definitely a copy of the Eglise du Notre Dame in Paris, France, but much prettier on the inside.
Small, loud, rude hostess, only tall tables.  No height chairs..... Not family friendly at all!!!!
Great food, but small servings. I highly recommend going here if you enjoy eating Izakaya.
The works breakfast burrito with a bag of chips and salsa! Ohh yeah!!
Perfect hangover breakfast, like a warm hug.
Definitely a step above your favourite neighbourhood sushi shop. Fantastic food.
Best Mexican restaurant in my opinion in Charlotte. Guacumole is phenomenal!
Fast (15 minutes or less), friendly and always tastes great. Call ahead, menu is online
First time there and I got enchilada nachos. :D
Healthy!  Fast service for a Sunday.  Great atmosphere.  I had the avocado toast and eggs.
Tr s bon le service et comme on n'aime l  boisson   volont s les petits pains un d lice
You can't beat the Tuesday Rib Special.  I highly recommend it.
BEST VV OUT THERE!!!!! Those Italians sure do return some sexy clothes.
Disgusting.  Over cooked, dry, tough ribs. Frozen and wilted vegetables.  YUCK! NOT WORTH the $.
Overpriced, concourse is terrible.   Can't wait for the new building.
Frank is awesome! Punctual and fantastic work! I highly recommend him and Tech Savvy Consulting!
Carol was fantastic, prompt, polite and thorough!
Great NEW spot in downtown Chandler! Lots of TV's for football season and good food!!!
A terrible stain that Alyshaan Rug handled professionally and quickly.  Thanks
Nothing like wings margarita and Fantasy basball,
Delish! Great interior. Food is yummy. Staff is friendly. Fast drive through in the morning.
Good service, average food. Too much butter used .. We ordered stuffed chicken and pasta.
Nice new audio bits.  Mac amps JBL monitors.   Classy.
Food...Excellent Service...Below Average Ambience...Great
Don't miss the fire breathing dragon roll!!!!  Habanaro and ghost pepper never tasted so good...
Good food but take long time to get just one teriyaki bawl . Service is bad and super slow !!
Amazing! We love coming here for date nights and specials occasions. Food is superb and fresh.
Un peu co teux mais magnifique terrasse
Great Pizza and Zucchini Sticks - great price - fresh. All good!
Loved it great went when calvin harris was there deffinetly worth it it was packed but great!!
Great Food fast service as non French speaking tourists we were treated great !   BYOB ...
Dedicated professionals and trustworthy
It's a nice place with a vast menu and interesting and unique proposal which worth a try
5 cent happy hour was awesome. And they have by far the best public bathrooms on the strip
The girls here will stab you if they don't get the $$$ they want, thugs with vaginas.
Was just walking by and this looked like a cool Place...food is yummy.  Would definitely come back!
Got me financing on needed repairs. Thank you!  Good job AAMCO.
Many types of food for dogs cat horse pigs birds  lot to choose form and saddle and tack too
DELICIOUS! Had chicken & waffle, wings & big burger. Every dish exceeds my expectation.
Tako is the place I'd like to come! Long line but worth the wait.
Delicious fresh meal! There were 4 of us with my aunt from California! She loved it!!
Love Rehab Burger have been going there for years when living in Old Town great service great food
tried it twice and got very sick both times, refuse to go back
The food was Fabulous! Brad gave us great guest service. No rush, just relaxing and enjoyable.
Best pizza in the burgh! Try the blue pig and ask for the XXX pepper flakes if you can handle it :)
Waiting far too long with open table reservation when there were many tables available to sit dow
A great new breakfast place. Place was clean and staff was friendly. Would defiantly go back.
Very good place to buy athletic clothes. Tons of amazing staff willing to help and also not pushy.
Clean, TAKES credit cards unlike the ones in OC and makes baguettes on the daily.
I love XS. It's always a lot better with a table. One of the best clubs in Vegas.
Great tucked away pizza spot!  Reasonable pricing for Cosmo and the pizza is excellent
I came here one night one a whim I had the pad Thai it really wasn't memorable it was just ok
Fantastic get the chicken fajitas you wont regret it!!!! Guac is good too deffinetly a fave spot!!!
Quite possibly the dullest buffet in Vegas... I'll stick to the Rio and Bellagio.
This place was amazing! We went here for a company outing and the steaks were amazing.
Ask for Wilson. Hands down the best foot massage. I felt like I had brand new feet after the massage
It's just ok. The atmosphere is cool. Service is subpar. Food is ok.
Amazing Class with Alicia tonight!  Lots of challenging poses!  Mary Oribello-Pasache
Absolutely the best Margaritas in Las Vegas, specially during Happy Hour!  A MUST
I totally called it! This place is CLOSED!
Small airport easy to get in and out of. Free Wifi! What else do you need. Verry clean too.
Loved sitting on the floor to eat here! We had a huge family platter and it was amazing!
Awesome selection at good prices and a very friendly and knowledgeable staff! Highly recommended!
Hot dogs dont get much better than this. The chili cheese is my favorite.
Superb, great atmosphere and ideal for sharing!  A gourmet take on tacos!
The buffet was lovely! Immediately my favorite Indian restaurant in Madison. I'll be back for more!
It's good, check it out, but you'll need reservations unless you're ok sitting at the small bar.
Great new place to have a drink with some friends. I recommend going in early it can fill up fast.
Ordered a small beef and a small chicken.  The chicken was delicious but the beef was too chewy/dry.
-Good Thai food for good price -its fast and its fantastic
Red velvet pancakes is so good!!! It has so much flavor and the syrup is just right.
Great concept with a sensational resulting product.  Really unique and MOST satisfactory.
Loved the monk fish tacos with spicy avacado pasta salad. Good service and a great lunch.
Food is delicious and service is excellent. Great to find real Italian food in Las Vegas.
Make sure you check your bag for all your items. Hard to eat a salad with no dressing.
Greasy, salty, gringo "mexican"  food at gringo prices.  No bueno. No gracias.
Great food at a great price. Love the 95 cent tacos. Good environment, overall very pleased.
had a great experience here. thank you dave zinkle for all ur help love my car. got a great deal.
Disaster from start to finish!  Don't waste your money.
Really good hotdogs with mustard, chili and coleslaw.   Atmosphere is vintage and kitschy.
Good food and lots of options, but the waitresses never give or ask if you want coffee refills.
Sometime went there .... OK food .... Goos Service !! The owner (lady) very nice !!
It has been over a week and my hand and toe nail polish have not chipped!
My family's go-to spot for any celebration/holiday. Love the ahi tuna salad.
Amazing! Great atmosphere.  Great beer selection.  great food.  Great beer! Wish I lived closer!
Food is really good, customer servise is ok. Nice small place good for lunch dinner and happy our!!!
Great food selection the seafood soup was a knockdown we will be back here for sure...
Thank you very much for fixing my husband's Movado watch. Great shop, highly recommended.
Knowledge combined w experience makes for good outcomes. RV repair on our Rig outstanding.
Ok Indian fare for lunch. Curries were hit or miss. Service was decent for this kind of restaurant.
Food is amazing.  Very small hole in the wall restaurant.  Can't wait to go back.
Good food but a bit pricey. I have ate lunch there a dozen or so times. Alway good.
Friendly staff and delicious food. We practically have tried everything on menu and is delicious!
A club is a club is a club in Vegas. XS was okay, lots of techno and lights and confetti.
Dontay was really cool very helpful welcoming personality, great service and overall excellent food.
Delicious just like I remembered as a kid. Fast and friendly service. So glad Vegas had a location.
Very good! Reminds me of the Coneys in the D. Now they just need to add wing dings to the menu!
Love this place. The wash never disappoints. The vacuums always work perfectly. I keep returning.
yeah, i finally found a private karaoke room!
Freaky Fast and Freaky Delicious!
Good food and staff were friendly
Love love love this restaurant. I crave the Carmelized cauliflower steak. It's delicious!
Ate their channa batura and was not very impressed. The batura was way too oily for my liking.
Super fast good food! Much variety! Breakfast lunch dinner etc..:) would definitely come back!
Love the great dane, the food and beer is amazing!
Excellent care from start to finish for our rescue cat which has a complicated condition.
Love the staff and place is always clean. They also got great beds and wonderful deals.
this buffet was sg. straight garbage! they seriously need to revamp that thing. horrible!
The set up was nice and the staff was very friendly can't wait to come back for early gender reveal.
Solid tumbling program. Great equipment. Enthusiastic coaches
One of the great classic Italian restaurant in Montreal.
Great food, highly recommend the plain cheese danish.
Love this place!!! Staff is amazing and beds are fantastic!!  I would recommend it to anyone!
How awesome is this place!?  I got a free guac and chips today. You guys rock!!! Thank you!!
this people know how to cook Italian food , my best wishes.
Great food, good atmosphere, nice beer selection.  Highly recommend for a casual meal and/or drink!
Eveything I have had is amazing Enchiladas  Fajitas Street Tacos  Friendly staff and very clean.
Not bad, very convenient place to grab a bite to eat and get back to the tables!
Great pizza to order and lasagna was delicious too. Friendly staff made it a good time for me.
Amazing!  Ordered the Omakase, was so fresh that I could taste the Ocean. This place is legit.
Its of variety and super specials make up for the lack of customer service!
The colleen roll tasted very fresh!  Loved it   And yep, I will definitely be back soon  Thanks
Great food at great value. Only issue is that the service is crazy slow.
Food was made properly and was prepared quick! Devin gave excellent service and had a cool name!
yum yum and love the special Valentines heart donuts!
My first time today and everything I ate was absolutely delicious!! This is a must try!!
Try the porkster burger, just remember to bring some wet naps
Damn good sandwiches. Try the eggplant parm!
Good food, massive portions (soup), reasonably fast service.
Who owns this place the nasty boys? Wack!
This area of Tempe is draped in thai places, but this is my favorite.
Fabulous all around! Friendly service and clientele. Lose this place, I'll be back tomorrow
Place has been closed for months. Perfect example of bad management
Nothing but good to say about this dealership. Honest, helpful and a place I will go back to.
Theresa is amazing! She worked a miracle on my brows today She's informative and takes her time.
Aa
taste good  come here for a lof of times you guys could try grill here super good you won't regret!
Amazing food great service I love them!!' Will definitely return:) a little expensive but worth it
Definitely overrated.  At ~$60 you would expect a wider selection of quality foods.
Excellent advice. Lawyers aren't all the same and this one is knowledgeable and kind.
Mindy is awesome! Everyone there does great work, very friendly great services highly recommend.
Always an amazing experience... I'm glad the initial rush is now over so the waits are not so long.
Been dealing here for years buying and renting equipment plus using their lab for prints.
Excellent service.  Excellent food. Cozy ambiance. Reasonnable prices.  Will be going back for sure!
A little pricy, but for once I feel satisfied with my nails. Definitely worth the money spent.
Awesome burgers and pleasant staff. It does get crowded,  so recommended checking it out weekdays.
Vinyl is in always great shape!!!  Good selection once you wade through the crap.
Wonderful customer service!  The young man at the desk was so sweet and pleasant. I will be back.
Just had to throw in my 5 stars.  Just go already.
I feel it was over hyped pizza n wings we're ok nothing special good but not great my oppinion
You can smoke and eat wings at the exact same time. Plus the staff is great and the food is amazing.
Encore has since DECREASED their daily rate to $30.
Simply the best. I would highly recommend golden leaf wellness. Great deals and staff.
Really, the appeal is the view, which is fantastic.  The food was ok.  The atmosphere was ok.
Excellent service, great food, great ambiance (Olympics playing on multiple TVs....go Team USA!)
hidden late night gem in the cosmo.  NY style pizza
Love this place. I go as often as I can. Both the hot dogs and the wafflewich are GREAT
Tr s bel endroit r tro, bon service, une petite carte de qualit .  Je recommande !
Good breakfast spot.  Fresh food, coffee is really good. Parking is awful.
Orange Italian Ice + Vanilla Custard = Orange Creamsicle Gelati goodness. MMMMMMMMMM SOOOO GOOD
Not at all ilike the real boiled bagels.  These bagels are soft & get hard & dry when toasted
One of my favorite local spots to go eat!!! I really love the ono chicken and the hamburger steak!!!
Great Pedicure by Tara.  She was very nice and professional.  I will definitely return.
AWEFUL customer service on the phone. Lady was stuck up and rude and gave me misinformation.
This food is gold! I've had all the power bowls so far and I have yet to be disappointed.
Great place.  Been there twice and will go back again.  Try the peanut butter and jelly hamburger.
Love Dunkin, but this location is: 1. Slow AF. 2. Always out of everything even at 10/11am.
The Chili Relleno with Chicken was fantastic.  Ate every last bit of it.
Bland flavourless food. Server/owner was very rude, too. Plenty of other places closeby.
The best haircut I've had in years. Definitely not the 8 dollar revolving door. Worth every penny.
My first time to a Hooters and I was happy with my wings (bbq) and the service was good (Bre).
Poor customer service when trying to use reward from app. Left without my earned pretzel...
The best food in Vegas!! My family absolutely love this place. Food and people are wonderful.
Best ramen in town. It has wiped monta off my list of go-to ramen shops. I'm coming after sora soon!
Love the fresh sushi station. Pre package hot food. Will be coming here for lunch. And shopping.
Worst place ever to get a car wash!! Don't go there, the staff is rude and are not polite
My First Visit and Trina & Doan are very hospitable. My Pedi experience was wonderful. Thank You
Huge fan. I always get al pastor tacos and or mulitas. Fast service cheap price and quality food
Provided great info and support for a first timer. My dog seemed to really enjoy. We will go back.
Salad had dish soap in it opening weekend. Give them a few months to work out the kinks.
The best . Music and great food what more can you ask for? Great service yep they have that to.
Oh my, the beer wall is amazing. There's something for everyone, including wine on draft.
great manager awesome delivery time wonderful pricing thank ya
Korean and Mexican fusion hits the spot! Place is amazing and super grub! A must try that is cheap!
Pretty crowded place....burger was alright.....service was alright. Nothing special, really
Great food, great value for you money. Very friendly to children.  Food is hot and tasty!
My mattress has bed bugs. I had to throw it away
Great portions! Very nice. Delicious. Seems very fresh and quite good. I liked their rice.
Love coming in.  Produce is great, variety for anything and everything.  Staff is always great
My experience with Southlake Family Dentistry has always been pleasant. Thank you.
AMAZING TREATS! Pricey..but amazing! :)
First time here! This is a new location and the Beef Platter was awesome. Will be back!
Nice place for sit down, read books, calm chat, and the desserts and everything were perfect!
Top-notch company. Very professional and reliable. Tom is the best! Highly recommend.
I've been coming to Cabo and Salsa's for decades, best Mexican food around. Never change.
I had never even heard of Poki until recently.  It was everything I expected and more. Yummy!
This place is so good. Always happy employees, fast service, and great fast food.
The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.
Great location. Very friendly staff and pharmacy. Small town store feel with big store name.
I fell in love with the Samoa gelato: coconut & chocolate.  See www.mulberrystreetcreamery.com
It's OK.  Much over hyped.... now that they are branching out to other locations it's lost a lot.
hello my name is kat and im a robertos addict. its all about the carnitas nachos!
Pretty good on a budget or to feed a brood. Often spot a sisterwife or sisterwife offspring here.
Fun atmospshere, delicious food. The macarons are awesome and allergy friendly!
Great, challenging golf course! Nice clubhouse and an excellent staff.
Great services,  Kelly is a sweet heart and I love my car Trent. Good customer service.
A chilling good time great food lots of choices for the child in you
Got back from vacatoin. Parking fees were $ 78.00. Thanks United Cab. I'll send you the bill!
My favorite Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. Great service good food and wonderful atmosphere.
favorite place ever! ANDREA is a great server! very attentive and a pleasure to be around!
Loved it because they are honest and gentle. I leave feeling my teeth are clean and without pain
Standard Asian fair.  Not bad, but nothing outstanding.  Server was pleasant and quick.
A Potbelly Haiku: Sandwiches are good Hot peppers make it worthwhile Order always wrong
One of the best places in Vegas. Love the Thai Beef Noodle Soup.L
Fast and excellent service!!  Was able to come in 30 mins! Very professional! Highly recommend them!
Not a bad start for a new place. Great atmosphere, but stay away from the ribs.
Unbelievable Chai Tea Lattes. I go across town to get them. You won't be disappointed.
The food was sooooooooo good!!! i just moved to Arizona and OMG YESSSS
Very nice and very classy restaurant with great food great service great atmosphere great decor
Sharon did a fantastic job. Quickly got me in for a great haircut
Got not one but two dirty glasses and the place only has one bartender. Won't be coming back
This place used to be SOOOO GOOOD. Now it's just crappy. :(
A lot of great delicious food for your money.  Will definitely return if I'm in the neighborhood.
Phenomenal service department.  Professional.  All your parts needs! Highly recommend to EVERYONE!
Best food and drinks! You HAVE to try the Papa Bravas!! Can't wait to go back!!
GREAT, love taking our sweet dog here! yummy mimosas and lox and bagel
Went for the annual Rocky Horror Picture Show. A beautiful theatre.
I wonder where the negative rating is? Terrible, multiple violations, poor nursing!!
Had the prime rib and it was excellent and the new building is very nice.
Great food, kind owner, very sexy waitresses. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone.
Bloody Mary-yum!! Food is very fresh and very good. Friendly staff. Would definitely eat here again.
Really like this place.....it's like the local mom and pop place that you can go to in a pinch
Pretty decent food and pizza.  Will make an occasional stop here from pizza take out.
I find this place to be over rated and service is always poor. Slow internet.
Great smoked meat.  Absolutely best Matzah ball soup in Toronto.
Flame! Food was delicious and the people were chill. Food came out quick and it was fresh
This place was absolutely fantastic and the service was wonderful. Great on my short Vegas visit!
Beautiful restaurant, great service,  and amazing food!! Get the French press coffee :)
Excellent cheese plate with local cheeses.  A very good selection of wines. Wonderful ambience.
Always great sushi! Good choice of different rolls, and nice quick service. Love this place.
The Mash was incredible! Great wine, and the food... very flavorful! recommended all the way!
Thank you Roberta. She is wonderful and VERY diligent. I will definatly go back next year.
Mmm delicious coffee and yummy oatmeal chocolate chip cookie. Breakfast of champions!
Just bought my first Lexus.  Many thanks to Don Turner for making this transaction stress free!
Baguettes that are unique and fabulous on their own. The sesame seed baguette is lovely.
The new york steak was good and it is a really nice place to hang out and there's a free popcorn
Execellent customer service and privacy. Online scheduling and a very hassle free place. Top notch
Had a fun time at the Phoenix Zoo with the kids yesterday.
Best wings in my neighborhood of Highland Creek. Good BBQ and great atmosphere. Try the smoke wings.
- cash only - big portions - open 5pm-3/4am - hits the spot every time..especially at 2am
Loved the live edge tables and the chef came out to say hey. Pretty cool! Awesome cocktails too
Love the variety of crepes.  Get the mimosa sampler and get tipsy! Perfect place for a date!
Classic good breakfast and Edwin was a great server.  Everyone was very friendly.
Love this place! The cream puffs and cappuccino's are fantastic  true European flare. A must try.
All around great workout, staff and facility. Highly recommend!! #keepburning
Fun Sandwich place. I love the falafel sandwich  Knowledgeable, friendly staff   Lisa D
My favorite hotel on the strip. Clean room, in a great area...top flight. loved Britney!
Very good food and great people working there. Cheap prices and you are full when you leave!
good bye chez nous..it was great while it lasted!!
Thank you Ann. I was hoping by writing this review that I could finally get in touch with you.
Yummy yummy. Great seafood and drinks. Nice bar area in the back. Great friendly customer service
Great work done quickly for a great price. I will use her again for any tailoring needs!
Great food, good service and a clean open style restaurant.   Love the place.
The place and food is awful, servers are rude, did not care about how the food looked.
The sportsbook is solid, the adjacent poker room is cramped.
The food is cooked to perfection and the prices whore fair. I would recommend this place.
La comida esta vien pero mucha basura en segida de las sodas y eso los ase ber muy mal
Great service. Timely arrival, friendly and safe driver. Thank you!
It was ok. Food was good, but nothing special. I don't understand what all the hype is about.
Excellent Italian food and great "date night" ambiance.
The rooms are too small I think they need to be bigger an my towel s an the massive cleaning up
Love Joe's Farm Grill!  Best food in Gilbert, AZ.  The customer services is outstanding.
Meat and bread was not very fresh .  Overpriced grocery store . Not surprised that they are now gone
Excellent food waiter and waitress very professional.   Amazing food.  The aroma is heavenly.
Awesome burgers and fries. Add a cold beer to it and youre set! if you drink that is. :)
Employees are great.  They offer quality products and several services. Highly recommended!
Very impressive food. A must for any Summerlin visitors craving Thai! Kai Soi was great.
Becoming one of my preferred Calgary Sushi spots. The Nacho Cheese rolls are outstanding!
Gorgeous view but the food was mediocre, service was par, sever brought out a wrong order.
Extremely quick service, good prices, friendly staff! Gave me an accurate quote over the phone!
Delicious home made dessert ! Family owned and they show they truly care about their customers.
Rosemary braised beef or ribeye Sammie. No need for talk, just go now and thank me later
Favourite pizza in Montreal. Great patio too!
I loved this place. The Yam Soup was off the charts. Don't miss this gem.
Been here 3 or 4 times. Number 1 jeweler in the city!!! Lance & Torro rock!!  "Nuff said". Gino West
Great food. Great service. Alec was awesome and very fun to talk to. Will definitely be back.
Food is average for the quality of Pho but the service on the other hand could be worked on.
We had a good meal and they treated our pups great ,would recommend and we will return
Yup! Love me some Poke and this place hits the spot. I will definitely be coming back again.
Always a go to place if you are in a hurry for good chicken. Place was clean and friendly service.
Great variety savory and sweet. Friendly service and high quality good food at decent price
Awesome.   Chris Reynolds instructed and we flew the first time worth the 75 dollars!
the hours are wrong.  only open for lunch on weenends.  went for lunch on tues so no review.
Great for a good greasy burger.  Definitely hit the spot.  Would go again,
I would go on depth about how awesome their fish tacos are but my amazing food awaits
Great place for a quick bite to eat!! Really convenient being close to UNLV
I'm obsessed with their iced coffee, club sandwich and cream horn. That is a meal from heaven
Good service moderate price. Try the pizza did not like the pasta
Horrible Welcome to Toronto when you have to wait over an hour to get your bags.
Great selection of brews, yummy pizza, and awesome staff!
Great wrap, salad and soup selections. The restaurant is also a great place to watch people go by.
worth the half off tues. guys... real cheese in those shakers. nuff said.
All the food was well made and quite tasty. I enjoy the red sangria. Fun environment too.
Best thai food in town. Dont forget to check in for the free "thai tea " :))
We had a fantastic meal here tonight! It is a great, quiet restaurant with quality food and service.
Great spot and seems to be popular with the locals. Really good coffee bar and brunch menu.
Your parking sucks. If it weren't for my fabulous dentist, I'd avoid your hospital completely.
Food is great! Fresh, Hot, and Yumm! Wish I had one near me!
Avocado eggrolls and thai lettuce wraps yummy. Love this place. It is amazing there..
Came back at night and the night crew is so much better ! Love this place the hospatility is great
first time having italian beef.  This was pretty fantastic.
My mom and I bought a car here from Mike G! He's a great salesperson!!!
Best tuna melt you'll ever have. Pizza is fantastic and a change of pace with the sourdough crust.
Best night club ever! Really enjoyed the black magic strip tease show it was amazing.
The surrounding is nice , but some staffs are rude and mean.
Great concept, great place. Wish them tonnes of success.
Happy staff and a really good dirty chai! Couldn't remember the fancy French name for it.
Best Mexican I've had in AZ. Callie is a sweety and the owner is really cool. I recommend .
Best spicy shoyu ramen I've ever had! Kimchi fried rice is excellent also. Definitely worth a wait.
I tried this. Good location, but Overrated. Tastes like cardboard. Come on, man. Make it better..
Now has moved to Pizza Booyah on Euclid Avenue.  They simply make great subs.  Highly recommended.
Great facility, nice mats, targets and putting green.  A little pricier than others... but worth it.
Best cajun wings, best Chef, Best Cesar salad!!! Me and my family just love the place!
just love this place However don't take the mac and cheese truffle oil ;)
Ordered online here and it said 25 minutes. Took closer to 35, but pizza and gelato are top notch.
Apparently there are 2 La Prep on the same street.  I went to the 1 Queen St E, not 2 Queen St E.
Just had my dental cleaning by Laurie. Never thought I'd have fun getting my teeth cleaned!
I absolutely love Nami !  Decided to try Better Finger for the first time!  It's now my #1 choice !
Love the food! I've been there 4 times already! The captain's boil sauce is the best!
Updated to add that the new decor is beautiful but please bring back the edible salad bowls!!!
Not the best crepes but the sides were freaking fantastic. I would definitely order from them again.
Awful service and extremely dishonest in quotes. Manager won't call me back to discuss!
What a truly amazing facility. Top notch care, couldn't ask for better treatment!!!! Grateful.
The zoo is really nice and the staff are very friendly!
Wonderful brunch stop. I was impressed with the service and the food. Good all around!
 all you can eat ...... ...   
When I pay over $2000 for a new panel, I expect the permit will be completed not left unpermited
Oh yeah it's good. Good sandwhiches and pastries and coffee.
Came in to get two new phones and Teresa helped us out perfectly and had great customer service!!
I ordered a cake for my sister's 30th and the cake was exactly what i wanted, so beautiful
There isn't much to say that hasn't been said, Jerry's is where it's at!
Always a pleasant experience. Staff is friendly. The food is amazing. I love the peppercorn ranch!
My favorite Mexican Restaurant.  It wouldn't be a trip to Wisconsin without stopping here.
Love this place.....such a friendly family owned business...!  A must to go to location.
Very good Jerk Chicken. Try it with Ginger Beer, a nonalcoholic drink that's better than ginger ale.
They sold me glider's that were older than they said which was a lot harder to get them to bond
My favorite Hamburger place from the casual modern interiors to the wonderful burgers.
Yum. Got the breakfast nachos. A healthy portion. Enuff good stuff for you and ur friends.
If you need anything framed this is the place to go. Very friendly service and great work.
Great food. Mac and cheese and bacon dates unreal.. Great wine. Sat at the bar, nice setup..
Nastasha has great customer service skills. The food was delicious. I highly recommend eating here.
 3 
Delish !  Fresh, hot real chicken.  The Sweet Heat sauce is so good.  Shakes are the best!
I love taking my dog for walks along this trail!! Also really nice for an evening/night stroll :-)
This place was da bomb - their donuts were delicious  - made of coconut oil, so sad they closed down
Great food and service is OK.  Only issue is they do get VERY busy, plan accordingly.
Love this place!  Outstanding good and fast friendly service. A must visit when in Tempe. :-)
Best breakfast burritos  you must try ! We also come for taco Monday they have tacos for $1 !
Gee is amazing with curly hair.  Great cut...The best
Best ramen in Vegas. Just wish they weren't as busy.. maybe i should give them one star
Finally found a place for Salt and Peppered Chicken wings! We'll be definitely coming back!
Still figuring out how to do brunch right, but a great place for beer and lunch/dinner.
It's been awhile since I ate here... food okay, excellent customer service, my guys enjoyed it.
Excellent service. Great selection of vehicles. Easy pick up and return with Emerald Card.
Got a facial and was very impressed w/what they teach there estheticians...good prices!
Yummy Yummy Yummy! Does get busy but its worth it. The sausage is nirvana. The bacon is deeeeelish!
Been here off and on.   Service is usually good, food is consistent. Always clean and courteous.
I normally write really long reviews. But plain and simple, this is the best place on earth.
Love Queens Bowl. Good quality food at a good price. Their service is friendly and fast.
USA Auto makes a yearly smog service check quick and easy.  Highly recommend this auto shop!
amazing service! pear tart is soooo good! sandwiches are yummy too! cute little cafe
Delicious brunch and great service! Super cute setting with plenty of seating. Highly recommend!
Kind of expensive for chicken, good flavour,decent portions, got a stomachache from it though
I can't believe I don't come here more often.  The service is fantastic!  The food is even better!
Great place to stop anytime of the night to get your taco fix.  I like the rolled tacos!!!!! Yum!
Good store,amazing staff, very helpful.Always something on sale
this location has been closed!!!   the property has a large for-sale sign on it!!
Who is John Galt?  Well... For starters, he built this place. Used Rearden metal.
Super nice and helpful and Kelly the Sonographer was awesome
Love this place!!  Sashimi slices are generous!!  Service is great!  My new favorite place!!!
Be advised -bait and switch is alive an thriving when booking flights on expedia--never again for me
Very nice setting. Mediocre food and service. Could be a much better experience. Disappointing.
Great little place, friendly staff and customers, most importantly excellent espresso drinks.
I would highly recommend GreenThumb.  Linda is awesome to work with and does a great job!
One of the best paninis that I have eaten. It was spicy and perfect!!A must if you are in Montreal!!
Just as good as I remember from Kansas. The burgers are delicious and so is the custard
This is my favorite go-to for pizza! Seriously the best on the west side, can't speak for GV
Great food and great people. Gelato was amazing!!!! Also the cheese balls are to die for.
TM has decent food for a bar. The beer selection is great though which makes up for it.
From all appearances this place is closed! Sign on door is for their Whiskey Bar.
Just another meh place that people in Charlotte think is great.
Service was great but the food was not amazing... Definitely not as good as other Denny's
Great food, great drinks, great service. Jonathan took great care of our kinda demanding party of 8.
Ooo a pickle that is spicy. Food was okay, but not really worth the price if you ask me!
Delicious waffles! Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside! Perfect for anytime of the day!
Enjoyed the burger, pierogies, and chicken paprikash. Reasonable cost and quick service.
Love the pico & shredded beef burrito!  Chips are fresh and everything is super awesome!
Rice and fish are fresh but the ratio between them is not equal, too much rice and not enough fish
The ambience was awesome and the seafood entree was too good. Definitely recommend this place.
A great spot for beer lovers! So many beers to choose from and you can make your own sampler.
Incredible customer service! This was the most fun I've ever had getting a mani/pedi! Thanks Kim!
Yum chicken swarm hits the spot each and every time. Looks suspect but it's on point.
Much improved menu, food was very good. Service was average server was not attentive.
Wow Sat there for 10 minutes and had multiple servers and hostess walk by and was not even greeted
Burger was too salty.  Salad was overdressed.  Unlikely to be back.
Monta Ramen noodles are excellent!!! This is like my second kitchen.  Highly recommended.
They have 10% discount service for yelpers.   They are so friendly and nice.
Always spot on! Great food, prices, service and love supporting the community. Great local find!
Decent Mexican food.  Nothing overly special, but edible.  Good lunch prices.
Amazing food, great service, clean restaurant and very affordable prices!
Great spot. Great Service. Great Food. The Hawaiian Bowl is Da bomb!! Highly recommend this joint!
Great experience ending with a personable check out clerk.  Engaging.
Awesome place!!!! Owner and all the stylist's there kick ass!!!
Happy they are in Vegas. Excellent fresh Mexican food. Sustainable organic tasty. Give them a try.
Perfect portion of fresh ingredients to a healthy choice for every visitors delight...
This place is awesome. I would definitely come back. $30 for full body massage! Super great
This place is excellent in every way...Great staff and delicious food.  Worth the trip
Prince was awesome. Nice little venue, not a bad seat in the house.
Fantastic service. Amazing. I've been to India four times and this food is  spectacular.
Ok. Little appetizers,just as small entree. Tuff steak sandwich . Really Awful.   Great Service
This is the place for tasty sandwiches. Been coming back for more since they had a truck next to OGs
Food was okay. Service was poor. We'd heard good things so we were optimistic. We won't be back.
Amazing beer list and best Mac and cheese ever.  :)
Terminal 3 is showing its age, but the wine bar by the Delta gates is a welcome addition.
Love Cheba, always friendly and the food is amazing! Try the pineapple beer with you pinned! Yum!
My husband and I come here every weekend for Sunday brunch. Love the sourdough bread.
Big wings .. full of flavor ..better then all the fast food style wing spots .. fries are amazing
Great pho! Cold green tea was rather flavor-less. Cool atmosphere. Would definitely return.
Garlic noodles with chicken. Get some of that and forget about your diet for one meal.
Love this place. Sushi is great. Service is great. Best place so far. Love the crazy roll!!
Qualitativ hochwertiges Buffet, ausgezeichnete Auswahl. 35$ pro Person, aber jeden Cent wert.
Awesome staff very friendly, personable, and honest.  Great service at reasonable price.
Neat concept and decor. Phenomenal treats! One of my favorite stops for dessert when I'm in town!
Complete waste of money. Disgusting. Hash browns first raw, then burnt. Will NEVER go again.
Very rich and tasty beef soup broth, high quality beef, nice and clean restaurant. 5 stars!
Parking is tough. Otherwise loving it!
good wraps, great pizzas. decent beer selection. awesome bartenders.
Great food.   Love the build your own pasta,  my favorite sauce is the marinara!!!  Locally owned!
Amazing service and the cutest boutique with little treasures for cheap at this locally owned spot!
Dr Crystal and staff were amazing and friendly! Convenience of location is wonderful for us too!
The speed in which they deliver your food is always amazing!   Oh yeah, the food is good too.
The best vegan thai food...  EVERYTHING IS EXCEPTIONAL!!!!!  my "go-to" place for thai food.
Cakes and desserts are amazing. Not too sweet and made fresh at good prices.
The waiting staff are very friendly. They have a great selection of cocktails and small bites.
Great Dane is a staple in Madison. The food is solid, and you always know what to expect.
CATEGORY 5 HURRICANES....You have to try one of these....they are the BEST!!!!
Doc Ahmad has taken good care of me and her staff is nice too!
It's perfect!!! I'm so picky with my boba! This was a nice treat. I'll be back. Thank you!
A bunch of m f ers. The only thing they care about is how to rob you more.
No vegetarian options, and staff always too busy and not personable.
Great local place off the strip for indian food buffett!  Have been twice and love it!
Great service and orders don't get messed up here. Definitely quick when inside.
Amazing spot for the lunch special. 6.99 for soup, two kinds of momos and a delicious dish!
No complaint here in this little hole in the wall joint! Even got good service here!
This place is awesome, I love the wall covers, all very interesting and super old nostalgic covers.
The service was soooo slow, impolite staff, and the food was uncooked. I really don't recommend it.
Great service and very honest. I highly recommend using them for your auto repairs.
Loved it, big portions, friendly smiling staff, fresh food, comfortable surroundings.
I love this place!  Food is delicious, service is friendly and the price is right.  Try the pupusas.
Can't go wrong with this Mediterranean food chain. Great food, great prices, great service!
The ramen was cold  But your tattoos were smokin  Las Vegas Thursday   -A. Pinault
Cool old bar Great chicken cheese steak. This is an "Original Las Vegas" type of dive bar.
Love me some Pipers! Best fish sandwich in the city.  I also love that you have Helltown on tap!
Dr Chen at Spectrum is a thorough and very helpful dermatologist. I will stick with her.
I would recommend this place for a nice dinning experience and a fantastic brunch.  Don't miss out!
Pretty good fish sandwich. Decent prices and staff is friendly. Wish you got more refills though!
Terrible practice. Dr. Prosser is a terrible excuse for a pediatrician.
Best Mexican food in Vegas. I go there everytime I'm in town. Great food at reasonable prices.
It's popular. The line can get long.  But it's good food and big portions. Kid friendly.
I like this place a lot and its comfortable atmosphere and the food and portion is good
Great gelato!  Come try this new small business in old town Scottsdale!
Great place, an instant neighborhood cornerstone.
Saw Britney!  She had nice titsies.  Put on a great show.  Won $$$ here too!  Great place
Does it really cost $17 to ship a phone charger ground shipping or did they just rip me off?
Love this place! Onion rings are amazing, service is always great. We go there once a week!
Great job !! We appreciate your customer service and waiting arraigned with cable to watch TV.
Cool little casino, part of the Flamingo, even tho I lost on craps.
Always so good! Friendly staff always seem happy, and the food is always consistant.
Stopped for coffee and bagel this mornin. So glad I did, if u get a chance check it out.
great place and great selection of beer for the flight
Build your own burger.  Tons of options... also had a greek salad and sundae.  all delic!
My parents have been taking me here since I was little. Still come here for my mexican bread fix.
Burgers were great!! We was very disappointed that they shut the shake machine down early.
Better than Famous Dave's, even hubby agrees!
As good as the best from LA or better than most, clean modern decor and polite servers!
New special - all pints...$5 between 5-8...everyday!  Even Guinness!
I love that my stylist, Jennie moved to this location.  She's so great!  She works magic with hair!
Amazing food and even better experience!  This is a must visit for anyone in the Ahwatukee area!
Tried lobster roll and fried shrimp were amazing.... would definitely eat here again....
I don't really like Mongolian Grill concepts... But YC does it right...
This place is very good... shows you that vegan is the future.
got almond croissant & cajun sandwich...ehhh..not impress with the rating.
Good food. Not as good as mom's. chicken paprikosh needs more paprika. Fun atmosphere and good bar.
Very busy location. Food and service are up to congee queen standards. Turnip cubes are the best.
Delicious quaint restaurant.  Pasta Fagioli Soup was great!  Pizzas are perfect and light!
Great place.  Great food.  A bit hard to find .....thus the name "hideaway".
Yumi is absolutely amazing! She is great at what she does and I won't go to anyone else.
Awesome won ton soup. and breakfast is good too. wish it was open later.
So lucky to have this awesome trail in my back yard. Great for running, biking or walking the dog.
great great movers -- ive used them twice now and have referred them to friends!
Just tried Grandma's Pizza, amazing! Not sure if I want any other kind of pie.
Great burgers! I did not like my order, so they fixed it at no charge! The storms are great!
Yummy - albeit a little overpriced and most of the options run out so make sure you go early.
looks like a great gym, just be aware kids 3 and under cannot use the pool!
Hummas plate is pretty good, tried a small pizza wasn't impressed, but I would try it out again.
The perfect after dinner spot to have a favorite desert. The Dirty Girl Scout Martini!
Love this place! We drive all the way from suprise to get Joe's! Hands dow the best gelato!!!
Such an awesome lounge great security and the music is unbelievable!!!
Just had the best foot massage I've ever experienced in my life. Will be going back often
The best Starbucks in town. I love it here. Better service than most & the people are Awesome!!!
Great dealership! Love the staff. Loving my brand new 4Runner!
The best soup and spring roll in Montreal. Rated 4 stars because the wasrooms are disgusting.
This place is absolutely amaizing, great food, such great atmosphere absolutely amaizing!
The reviews speak for themselves.
My favorite Mediterranean food in Charlotte, hands down. Everything I've tried has been delicious!
OJ chix is ok but the soy drenched not fried rice ruined it!
I love Swiss Chalet, this is my first bad experience. They BURNED my chicken!
All I have to say is that MAC needs to get rid of this store. CLEARLY the racism has gone too far.
Great food ! the people are nice, except the customers -_-  The fried rice is bomb !
Ick, Sorry, I did give you 2 stars for politeness.  Food was awful!!
The food is not good Weekends are very crowded So mediocre.
Highly recommend, first time eating pho and it was excellent  order the beef pho combo
Bought my XDs .40 here yesterday. Business is boomin! A lot of stock and good customer service here.
Waste $$$ n time, cheap foods, only good services from a waitress.
Large cavernous noisy place.  Food is okay with large portions.  Service varies on the day.
I hate coming to this place, but the amazing staff makes it a little easier.
The place is really spacious and the folks are really nice.  Pizza is decent but it's not Mineo's
Thank you Asi!! The Porsche drives like a dream! I'll be getting the Bentley next time
Very nice service and wonderful wings! Too many snobs this side of town down rating this place.
Shity service. Don't even bother to go there Wynn used to be good not anymore  It is vegas
Poor service, tables and seats dirty.
Ok chicken place in not really a fan but the food is good. And the staff is extra friendly.
OMG. The fried pickles with peanut butter.  .....to die for Excellent burger Gotta go and try it out
I love this place I found it a few weeks ago and have be twice so happy to find good vegan food
Most tasty noodle I had in US. So delicious! And it's inexpensive, will come back again!
Loved the atmosphere, the burgers weren't too bad. My wife however wanted to hit our nurse.
The absolute best place in Calgary to go for pho, the spicy saut  is a definite hangover killer too!
I bought a bulk of chapsticks for wedding favors. They arrived in less than a week and look great!
Great food and service! Carmel brownie is amazing. The uptown location is just as good.
Sorry. Staff gets 4 stars - but old dated smelly rooms gets 1 star. Priceline strikes again ):
great stylists! Angela was awesome. Will return for shaping and style change.
Nice and beautiful. Nice place to hang-out in Vegas baby.
Lives up to its promise. Giant portions and yummy food, and this is coming from a TX girl.
One word. Shawarma. Do it, do it now! Hummus is pretty darn tasty too!
We have to hit this spot every time we're in Vegas. They have great hawaiian food & big portions.
Terrible. Long wait, food was a mess and unappealing. One of the worst places I've been.
Fun place for older kids. 9 and up. I didn't feel comfortable having my 3 years old there.
Not bad, but not amazing.  Better than Wendys... I had the double chargrilled combo with fries.
Damn this place just closed!!! I was craving a Baja Bucket and those slipper tails & shrimp.
Great service, healthy menu and delicious drinks...what's not to love?
Usually like this place but my last time here I ended up with sharpie writing on my burrito.
The best hookah, great food and service. As a resident downtown there's no other place to be!
Sylvia is a great barber and conversationist.
Very very delicious! my friend and I enjoyed there  The tea is authentic.
I'm so glad to have Sarah as my hair stylist. If you want the best, make an appointment with Sarah.
Excellent place to get a bite, drink or watch the game. Friendly folks. Tons of TVs, very relaxing.
Very cool spot, drinks are kind of pricey ($14 for a Macallan 12) but GM Scott is very helpful.
Very good food. Much Better quality than other fast food places with comparable price.
Megan was absolutely awesome! She was fun and delightful and gave me an awesome pixie cut!
Best Mexican restaurant near my house Good lunch deals and great service Delicious drinks as well!
Authentic italian my ass. I've seen dog food more authentic. Will never order from Marco's again
Small place, limited menu but it's authentic mexican and really good
I went a few days ago to this restaurant and it is just ok. Good price and ok service.
Great service, relaxing environment and yummy burgers! I would definitely recommend!!!!
Walk's in welcome & beautifully decorated!
You go here to take a picture of your food. Wait time is the worst and it's just tastes okay.
The best Indian food I have had in Vegas.  Only turnoff no chicken briyani in the buffet.
The breakfast omelettes are amazing.  I highly suggest to purchase their bread.  Delicious!
Top notch burger. Lots of flavour, well chosen fixings and leaves you well satisfied.
Overpriced tacos eaten in the dark with loud music. No need to hurry back.
Overpriced, boring food. Extremely expensive cocktails. Not worth the trip.
Great salon. Clean, comfortable, and I felt very welcomed.  Leah is wonderful. I highly recommend.
Great crispy wings; amazing hot beef sandwich and the friendliest staff !!!  sandwiches were great!
To get better French pastry you need to be in France.
Love this cozy family restaurant.  Super green chile and golla burro!
The biryani is awesome and I liked the Vada too. Nice place to sit and eat
Great place to hang out. TV's and pool tables. Cool atmosphere. Good drinks and good food.
Typical burger and beer place.  Food is pretty good.  Service was great!
Bodybuilder's IHOP.
When you need a frozen yogurt fix yummy!! Love yogurt land flavors and their toppings.
Relieved to find a decent nail salon in Las Vegas!
I'm hungry today after eat. So much full I'm happy and sleepee thank you see u soon
Best beds in Phoenix! Helpful and friendly staff, great music!
The food is wonderful the best in Phoenix.  Large portions and great taste.
Really cool bar. Fun time for an evening. Had the Jell-O shots and tried to win a motorbike
$7.99 Smog Check  $7.99 Oil Change  In and out in 30 minutes?  YES PLEASE!!!
Great atmosphere and even greater food. The Lobster rolls and crab cakes were amazing.
We rented a van while in Vegas. It was a quick process for pick up and delivery!
If there was a 1/2 of star that's what I'd choose. Over priced and nasty will never be there again.
BYOB. No cork charge. Definitely a bonus, food is very delicious and staff is very friendly and fun!
I'm only reviewing the house-fried potato chips. Salty and golden brown and delicious.  Yummy!
A new Express Car Wash is being built on this property. Hoping it's better then Francis & Sons.
Only reason I'm giving it four is bc they forgot to bring me my order. people there were very nice.
The salt and pepper wings might be the best I've ever had. 5 stars, and they deliver!
Excellent work done. Superior customer service. I will come back here for all future printing jobs.
Better smoked meat sandwich than Schwartz in Montreal. One of the best I've had no doubt.
Free Wi-fi. Clean and bright. Looks recently updated.
I've only have the shrimp, but it was super tasty and it has me craving for more.
This place sucks.  How can you be out of white bread at 5:15 pm on a Saturday night ? Total crap
Great late night bbq. Dusted wings are awesome and a must try. Best I've had in toronto to this day.
Fantastic people, food, ambiance, friends family and all in between.  Totally worth any wait.
Best locals hibachi place Ive been to in vegas. Great prices service and food.
Order ALWAYS wrong - smaller items than other Del Tacos and NEVER give NAPKINs.
I was there a few days ago, I don't think I'll be back. Their food is way way way too oily for me.
Organized a family reunion over Thanksgiving.  Service and food was outstanding.
Awesome pace to dine, Customer Service was awesome and the food came out in a reasonable time.
This is the best place for real beer on the Southside. Good service and good food.
Love this place !! Good amazing !! People are great  Come to the owl!!! Best place ever ...
Been here several times now, great service, good sushi, wide variety on the menu, good price.
Great and unique food. I got full from the appetizer but found room for some pizza and desert.
Outstanding food excellent friendly service. Best duck outside of Chinatown SF
Cool little local bar.  Good beer brewed on location.  Laid back atmosphere.  Going back again.
A delicious healthier version of Mexican food! Best pinto beans in town!
Busy and staff was smoothly and quickly serving everyone! Breakfast burrito is great!
Wow!! Amazing!! Our food was delicious!! Awesome customer service also!! Try the Fish tacos!!
Most authentic British Pug you can get in the Valley. Been going here for years and love it!
one of my favorite places to go  - enjoy good music and beer.
Best food at good price. Cafeteria style so you get your food fast. I recommend  the stuffed cabbage
bad food, bad service, extremely overpriced.
Food is okay.  One waitress is nice and cute as hell.  Would go back.
pricey but food is top quality, Saag paneer was very good and the butter chicken. always packed
Great experience as a new patient. Friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff. Thank you!!
English muffin for Commuter Sandwich is closer to a Bialy or Roll.   Friendly and prompt service.
S'good. They got chicken n whatnot. Nah mean?
Bitterballen cravings? Quince will satisfy them. It's a cozy and welcoming atmosphere.
By far one of the best sushi places in vegas. Its like they have the fishing boat parked in the back
Great service and great food! Make sure to order the Tempura Red Bean ice cream. Mmm. Awesomeness.
Great food! Small local spot for delicious Mexican food.
Shake them dreads
military discount keeps me coming back...superb service, internet, power plugs at window tables.
Meat was very greasy and fatty. Sides were very small and forgettable.
The drinks are top shelf. Excellent place to bring a date and do something out the ordinary
Tried the shrimp pad thai but  it was waay too spicy. Garlic chicken  appetizer  was good though.
I really like this place, however today the Halibut was over cooked and thus became a bit tough.
Very good and on time service. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. Highly recommend it.
Friendly staff, no pushy salesmen, decent selection of Giant bikes
awesome pastry selection every time---amazing!!
Definitely one of the nicer sushi places in Montreal. The saiko maki roll with scallops was great!!
Balu's Biryani is the best in town. The flavors are amazing and the spice is just right!
Love how my hair turned out! First time going here and couldn't be happier,  thanks Allyson!!!
Awesome pizza! I'll be coming back :)   It's very hidden so just look for the hallway entrance.
Loved the food especially the hash browns! I do wish they had offers for soda as a drink option.
This place has such fresh produce for great prices! The customer service is also excellent.
Busy laundry mat, but clean and the employees are friendly & always working hard and helpful.
Meh..... Typical generic sports bar. Not thing special. At least the beer list has craft beer.
Excellent AYCE!!! Will be my new go to place. Have to try the deep fried oreos!!!!!!!
Uno de Mis Faboritos y Mejores Restaurantes que Siempre que los Encuentro tengo que llegar a Comer.
Great service and yummi food. Hookah selection is great and i really enjoy the place!
I liked this Stein Mart.  Always had a great selection of clothing and decor.  Always clean as well.
Try the Bacon Mac & Cheese - it is heaven!
I love eating there. It's inexpensive and you can get a beer with your breakfast :) :) :)
Funniest hypnotist I've seen. I see this show every time I'm in Vegas. See u in February!
The only thing that will do at 2am after a big run of cards. Well done Roxy's Diner.
My favorite is pistacho, just tried the pineapple and it's amazing. Always clean and friendly.
Food was good, some of the best tuna and salmon in town.
Great wash. Ask for Teyon. Hardest working guy there. Nice job. We love the place!? Great service
Good place to have the family also got a great splash pad for the summers really enjoy this park
Second time here - decent place. Cozy, not huge. Good place to see a band up close and personal.
Great Chicken Parmesan sandwich. The lady was real friendly even though it was busy!
Atmosphere was excellent, food was fast, hot, and delicious. Saki hit the spot. Highly recommended
Great place, nice employees!  So relaxing!  My go to place for pedicures!  Good music too!
EXCELLENT service by Analy and fantastic food! I highly recommend the watermelon margaritas.
Awesome desserts!  Never tried the food!  Why waste the room?  Life's short, eat dessert first!
Great addition to the neighbourhood, and their brunch buffet and taco Tuesday is amazing!
The guys helped me out when my home warranty wouldn't...That means a lot
Very disappointed in the gravy. Tasted like canned.  Very good service and wonderful atmosphere
Food is always good. Never a long wait. Servers are easy to het a hold of.
First time here today and it was so good and the food was real fresh and healthy . Very clean spot .
Cute new little breakfast place, friendly staff, fast service, & tasty food. Will be back!
Descent fish tacos but their ceviche had fake lime juice( the bottled kind) those were only ok
May be a little bit of a wait but the food is delicious and their coffee is to die for
Decent food for cheap.  Huge dogs.  Vegan and veggie friendly.
Great Tandoori oven masters! Nice people too.
Great ice cream and sandwiches at a reasonable fee. Nice little side trip.
Great food ,great service from ms. Crystal,clean facility,this place deserves six stars!
Great place to go after the car and quad passed emissions sweet potato fries rock baby ribs yoummy
Good market to get in and out  with friendly service and delicious food. Chicken is to die for.
Do not try the Spicy Bhel, it is super disappointing and full of onions.
Simply Exquisite !!   quand l' TOILE?
A real hidden gem. Service is great and atmosphere is quite cozy. Real Korean servers too!
Deliscious, fresh! So good. Love the regular and chicken cheesesteaks. Really nice people too.
Great place to eat , good food , quick and easy! All of family loves it!
My waxed barely spoke English and it was a bad overall experience. I won't go back to this location.
It's always a great time when I go to Moo Woo! Great staff, great atmosphere, and great food!
The only reason I came back is because they gave me free food after the fiasco from last night.
Some of the best soul food this side of the Mississippi. Catfish is best in Ahwatukee
Too many associates in the lobby each visit. They need more tellers working not so many greeters.
Still one of my favorite Filipino restaurant in town. Almost as good as Lola's cooking.
Friendly personnel, good food.
Good store location and selection. Interesting advertising
Service is horrible. All they care is turnover instead of customer service, do not come here
Such a great time!!! Expensive to get them to play a song you request, but fun either way.
J'ai   command   un  savoureux  mocachino  !!!  Bel  ambiance  de caf    assez   agr able !
Excellent customer service, friendly welcoming shop, very nice beard trim by Sam, great prices!
Around $100 for two. The style is very similar to Wynn. I think it does better job than Wynn.
We had to-go again, Pipeapple Fried Rice and Pad See Ew with Tofu, love everything about this place.
I could walk over and play 9 holes of golf by the time I fill up a tank. Extremely slow fill up.
Awesome place! Love the nachos and enchiladas. Everything is great here. Repeat customer!
The best Chinese food I've had in Scottsdale.  Delicious!
It took forever to get my order and they still got it wrong! Won't be coming back to this branch
This place has the best food, the restaurant is always clean.  when ever we can we dine-in.
Very relaxing and nice staff. However, their needs to be more selections for wine flights.
Best pizza in town as well as other dishes as well. Staff is friendly and service is great.
Wow who knew that combination of foods work deliciously
35 Dollars an we need to apply online until we get hired by the casinos, service very unfriendly,
Fast and friendly service. Reasonably priced. Great people.
Great pizza, great price, pasta and salad bar need work.
Basically the same get weekly sales just seams smaller. Same great selection just less displays.
Nice place, only starbuck around this area, one way to save my morning. Very lucky!
I've eaten here breakfast and lunch. Food is great and plentiful. Service is good as well
UPDATE: the rude woman is the owner... avoid this Dairy Queen
Love This place! Food is Authentic, just like mom used to make! Rellenos & Green chile are TDF!
eating dinner with family. food is very good..... servers are very friendly. good environment...
Rude blonde lady is the owner, undercooked pies and overpriced. I would save your money.
Third time here and each time great..small plates, pizza, cannoli, service all superb
The food was superb!!!!!! Everything was fantastic!
I absolutely love this place. I love the variety they have. The customer service is great as well.
Absolutely phenomenal!!! Very knowledgeable and fast and I would recommend this place over any other
online check in is very helpful, allow customer to skip the counter when picking up vehicle
Ambiance tr s cosy. Nourriture tr s bonne, fine, goutu. Et tr s bon service. On reviendra!
Safe and friendly park for bike ride or walk in the evenings.
Good sushi but very offensive customer service. The waitress was so annoying . Never go there again.
Love the place , friendly staff very bright and food is amazing with decent size portions
The Vig is fantastic! Delicious mac & cheese, get with broccoli for extra fun (:   Love the vig!
I am very unhappy with the services provided by Firefly. It completely ruined my vacation.
Gave Mercedes a try and she did an awesome job
Its overly hyped. Decent ramen with a too long wait. They are open late which is a huge plus.
One of our favorite dinner locals for sure.  We love bringing friends to experience new food
Courtney was nice to me and my auntie and she is really pretty. Thank you courtney ~makayla
Just a few words this place is the best great service its clean great customer service.
Unbelievable Jerk Chicken! Great spice, portions were fantastic!  Friendly, awesome service.
Very good services. Very kind and... honest. A quality many Canadian vets totally lack!!!
Delicious hot bagels!  Absolutely packed, so there was quite a wait time, but I liked the food.
Great pizza ordered the Chicago deep dish chicken sausage, mushroom, and spinach. It was very good
I appreciate the owner responding, shows character and he stands behind his product.
Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach pizza = the best ever!
Great little place; convenient location, nice people watching, and good coffee.
Every kind of hard liquor you can think of is here and in different sizes. Staff super nice.
Awesome little Mediterranean restaurant. One star off cuz of the working hrs inconsistency.
Great service and possibly the best chicken and pancakes. Delicious!!! Will definitely return!
My first class here definately kicked my butt!  Very clean and pretty facility.
moved away from my fav,"rubalcabas" but robertos is bomb too!
Great staff, friendly, fun and let me know what was happening every step of the way!
Just the casino, great odds at 20x on the craps table and the dealers were competent and friendly.
A nice menu selection and deliciously prepared. Casual atmosphere and friendly staff.
Small but with wonderful food, highly recommended. Pollo Chipotle is a top notch dish 10/10.
Meh, I've had better, but it does the job..can't really say you can call it "authentic"...
Dylan's is the perfect place for a great haircut.  Ericka is absolutely fantastic!!
Self made coffee beans, unique and smells so good! A good place for b breakfast and lunch.
best restaurant in mcmurray!!
Very fun when there is a live band and dancing. Must try the cheeseburger in paradise!
Doesn't compare to America. Go on, give me some hate.
Phenomenal food, high quality beer, and a fantastic environment/location.
One of the best Pad Thai and Thai Fried Rice in town. Love it when make it extra spicy!
generous portions and delicious food, delivered piping hot
Awesome Gelato! Soo many flavours. love it!
Great eats, fast service. Good place for a quick bite. Ham and cheese on asiago is my favorite.
Ben is a fantastic server!! Very knowledgable. The tuna melt is better than you'd expect.
Best in Charlotte! Excellent sauces, freshest ingredients, amazing food! Five Star!!!!
Don't be fooled by the strip mall photo. Very good meal with small restaurant atmosphere.
Best Chinese food I had in a long time! I will definitely be coming back every time I am in Calgary.
Very good Italian food. Better than anything I had on the strip. Very reasonable prices as well!
Amazing authentic Mexican food. One of the best I have had. Great tacos and drinks!!!
Love this cute little bar! Friendly staff, wonderful happy hour and fun games to play.
Good food! Alot of serving.  Flavorful tacos. Place is clean.  Will definitely come back
What's not to love about men getting naked? Wear a sash to let them know who the star is
I would eat here everyday if it were possible.  Is this a short review, yes.  But it's honest.
Fast and friendly service. Ruben arrived quickly and got right to work. Thank you!
Todo muy delicioso se los recomiendo, el churrasco estaba bien preparado y los chuchitos riqu simos
Ham steak and eggs was a good choice. Service was very good and very fast. Glad I stopped in.
Best burger  & great sides !!!!  Huge and crazy selection like peanut butter & jelly burger.  Nummm!
The younger doc was helpful and thorough but that is the only positive thing I can say.
I Was in Toronto for a meeting. Heard about this little shack. Really really good fish sandwich.
Great food & Great happy hour. Love the spicy tuna roll. The sunset roll was amazing also.
I love the staff here. Stomach issues can be frightening and they have reassured me every time.
Good rates, not the best location, buffets are overrated, casino has a cheesy feel.
Great margaritas, but kinda pricy for what they have. Their food isn't all that special :(
First time today. I got a #2 pedicure & it was wonderful. Friendly people & I will go back.
Best non $100 mani pedi going. All equipment is new, clean and well maintained. Love this place.
Good food and drink selection. Staff can be rude and service bad at times.
So pretty and such a great staff. The maintenance is awesome and large laundry facility. Very clean
Creeeeepy. Very pink. Slow service. Brimming with weird old people. Ice cream was good, though.
I love Flower Child.  I have bought many things from them over the years.  Great stuff.
Excellent service. Food is great. I had the ham and eggs Benedict. Hash browns are very good too.
Very clean and modern shop. Best cut I've had in a long time, worth the 30min drive every time.
Good but slightly overpriced! $17 for a small burger. Peanut butter smoothie is great though!
I always go on Thursdays but everyday has a good special for the budget conscious folks.
Awesome! Fast, beautiful location. Not mobbed yet like Chipotle.
So why doesn't the ice cream machine work?!  Nothing but problems here! Don't come here.
nice friendly staff, great selections, thinking about just buying spread to put on bagels at home.
Service sloooooow. Food is just so/so for the price.  Won't go back. There are BETTER places to go!
LOVE THIS PLACE!! No matter how busy they are they always give great service!
Great pizza and other items.  A bit pricey but very tasty
Good drink good food, should stop by anytime if you thirsty :p
Best place for samosas.  Hands down. Will be going here to pick up samosas from now on.
Delicious!   They also gave us free desert and lemonchello!   Great service and food was amazing!
Great detailed cut, hot towel service, and overall good service. Would definitely recommend!
The best place to buy Cigars in cleveland. Hands down!
terrible!!!! rude and expensive. stay away! it doesn't get any worse.
Great affordable pizzas and salads. Order off the menu or create your own. Never been disappointed.
Thanks Julia! Again a perfect cut and color! Will post some pics from my big event tomorrow :).
Remarkable photographer! The pictures turned out amazing, I couldn't be happier.
Forgot to leave a review. Teds is great I've been eating here for as long as I can remember.
Very cool vibe. Delicious coffee and yummy sandwiches and pastries.  Super friendly peeps too.
Had the Captains Burger, one of the best I've every had.  Great service at the Bar.
Polite and freindly staff. Elegent atmosphere. Fantastic food and drinks. Perfect for small groups.
Great food, service and views. Hard to go wrong here.
Ribeye and Prime rib were great.  Service was great as always.  Love this place.
Great local bar to grab a beer, pretty sure it's closed now tho.
Great way to spend an hour in the afternoon. All the entertainers were really good
Brilliant recipes, high quality organic food, delicious, integrity in every ingredient
Friendly, clean, and great tasting sushi!
Pretty good coffee. Nothing special but better than starbucks by far.
I would come back again to this place to have my comforter cleaned! Highly recommended!
Wings were ok to good. Place was clean, staff nice. Not writing home about it though.
pretty good food and atmosphere. browns fans unite every Sunday easily the best Browns bar in Vegas!
Love to float and I love the oxygen bar at the end of the float! Lovely relaxing experience!
Love the gelato here - always get the Hedgehog - hazelnut chocolate.  To die for!!
decent food, good service, much better than Olivos
I have had better, wings were uncooked and pizza lacked flavor
Great Service Provider and very reasonable. Most important Clayton is an HONEST Man .
Drunken noodles were great! Will be returning. Maybe on a weeknight- long wait to be seated.
Better service/hot food down the street. Cold food. Do yourself the favor. You deserve better.
Went here for a Pirates Mets game. Mac and cheese is to die for! Decent food.
This place has excellent service, and the food is superb. My favorite place to eat in all of Vegas
Good Mexican food but kind of expensive for what u get I think.  This place has been here for ever
I got very sick after eating this Chinese food. It is not good food and the place is very dirty!!
Great food selection, great service! Doesn't feel like your in Vegas, which is great!
With practice, you can make a huge bowl, large enough for 3 meals!
Okay for what it is I supposed.  Didnt finish my gluten free donut or machiatto.
Yummy Tapas! Awesome atmosphere! Except my friend found a hair in her shrimp dish...eek!
I had one of the best meals of my life here: yellow curry with roti. The garden is beautiful.
Excellent pizza, adequate service, nice wines, fair price in a cozy setting.
Good place, enjoyed it, non-assuming
Updated - not so great anymore.  service is really lacking, staff doesn't know the menu.
Affordable. It was a little bit crowded but the server was nice.
My wife is from maryland and she went GAGA over this place it had surprisingly good catfish too!!
The best steak I have ever had. Great decor and atmosphere. Definitely try the cream corn and tots.
Love this place. Great splash pad and tot lot.
I have been going to Kyoto for more than 20 years. It's still my favorite sushi in Scottsdale.
gave it another chance. tried a suggested taco and it was the best ive had there yet..
Delish!!!! Long time Cheba Hut fan....I miss the Simpson s on TV :)
Hailee is amazing!!! She does an amazing job and never disappoints. My go to nail shop in Vegas!
Isaiah Crowell, the face of their franchise.  #NeverClevelandBrowns.
Best "selection" Expensive Really busy, over worked/ under staffed but they try
Dark. Ominous. Good bar.
This place is a hidden gem.  Best crust in town.  Everything is fresh.  Absolutely outstanding!
Very Nice wait staff. Ordered the Spider Roll it was great ! I would come again! :) Happy Sushing!
Im in love! Tonkatsu ramen mmmmm and pork belly bowl! I'm sad when there's a wait!
best buffet in vegas, hands down.  dinner is better than lunch -- more selection.  enjoy!
My favorite diner in Ohio. I love partying at Kent and going to Mike's in the morning.
Tasty food, delicious coffee, quick service. I found the prices fair for a gourmet breakfast.
Pastry is amazing but the breakfast sandwich was a little salty.
Delicious food every time. Great menu, good prices. Halal too. Love the pad thai and curries.
Generally really good, sometimes the wait is tough though which is why I gave only 4 stars.
Another heart attack city! Hawaiian food and I love it!
A sub-contractor showed up and tried to install an after market windshield. Not a good idea.
Yummy food, clean place, good service
My family and myself have been coming here since they opened. They serve the best food in Laveen!!
Trop graisseux...
Not much needs to be said about this place.  Their ice cream is absolutely amazing!  That's it.
Sushi is solid, but I really love this place for the friendly service and excellent owner.
Amazing. Best Thai food! Delicious and fresh green curry. Unique and delicious brown rice.
coconut milk matcha latte is unbelievable....with the chocolate muffin yum
cool place and great coffee and tea.  friendly staff.  hip and trendy place.  I love it.
Good steak sub and chocolate chunk cookies and fresh cut fries.
Great food. The green curry is the best I've ever tasted!
Amazing beer and free popcorn. Works for me. Crowlers are a a great option but a little pricy.
Food is tasty but place is disorganized. 2 of 5 orders were wrong and sides never arrived.
Great place to have breakfast. Nice service. Delish food. Only issue I had was no bike parking.
HKK is close to my house. The food is very delicious and the portion is very large.
Loved the grilled shrimp tacos.... and the Jumbo Cadlic Margarita on the rocks, Ooooo yeah!
The Food &The staff Is Awesome Specially the Buffet ,I love it ;-)
Disgusting food and horrible staff. Do not go there unless you want to have an upset stomach.
Looks like ithe location is permanently closed
Best tacos ever! The Barbacoa is fabulous and hibiscus lemonade. Super friendly staff!
Great environment to chat and hang with friends
Nice service and really good ice cream! Apple cake goat cheese gelato is really good.
Best breakfast place in Vegas!!!thank you guys!!! People definitely need to check it out this spot!
A fine dining establishment. Reccomend the blue powerade slushie.  It is an international delight.
Had Cambodian jungle curry box...   delicious food and really good service... will visit again
The fish tacos here are awesome!  And they have awesome deals on em for taco Tuesday!
An excellent Nondenominational Church that does a wonderful job of making you feel welcome.
Best ice cream anywhere, period. Get some and experience what generations already know.
Love this place come here every time we are in Vegas. Best micheladas and the food is amazing.
They have delicious vegetarian sandwiches.  way better than subways or heidi's.
Matt was absolutely amazing.  The guy was a blur, giving expedient and excellent service.
great food, even greater happy hour prices!   check out their website for all the info.
Threw up after having Bhel puri. New to this, please have a read of my previous review.
CLOSED. There is a new restaurant at this location: Daawat Indian Cuisine Biryani House
Great desert! Chi Tea latte was amazing!!!
Amazing burgers! Highly recommend the Hangover burger with the chorizo patty! Very very good place!
CLOSED--as of July 31. Shame. Great margs & ceviche. Tacos, not so much. Guess that explains it.
Went on a weeknight and it was empty. The lemon drop martini was yummy.
Definetly love tarrah! So nice ! Love this new place ! Little cute nail salon. Love it
Best place to eat in town!!!  Food is exceptional as is the service!  HIGHLY recommend!
The fish tacos rock  GREAT margaritas!
The wraps are are so good. Best spot for lunch in the area. Employees are super friendly too.
I did not have a good experience here, the lady was very rude and refused to accept my voucher!
The staff at the Starbucks are always super friendly, but this location is always packed.
Lil hike north of the Lawerence subway station. Sweet little patio to enjoy a coffee on a nice day.
Organic and grass fed meat. Great service  and awesome wine selection.
Great selection, helpful employees, quick service and reasonable prices. What more can I say...
Great place great feel like your in California great salsa bar
The Food was alright. Great atmosphere and awesome drink selection.
GREAT!!  Be prepared to wait there is always a line which speaks to how good the food is.
Great steak, great people. For the price and serving sizes, hands down best steakhouse go try it
Good- re fried beans I would pass on... carnitas very good.  Very clean and friendly staff.
great queso with the white cheese.  great fish tacos.
Beyond amazing service and friendly servers, great pasta and wine!  Best value in the Venetian!
Good food but dining area always dirty.  Cannot return.  Is cleaning the restaurant too much to ask?
Carne asada is good here!
Quick response and my garage door is back in shape.  They helped during my crisis!!
Apparently no one who works here knows what customer service means.. Especially at the post office
This is the best pizza in Las Vegas... I love the staff too. Very friendly and always great service.
Simply phenomenal... great food great service great atmosphere...
Great food service was confusing for a first timer (help yourself) very busy
Our new favorite hang out.. This experience was unbelievable, great job to you guys..
This place is great - the real deal.  Nice people, good service, GREAT Chicago pizza!
Good "old school" gym. Nice people. Low cost for a visit.
Good egg benny, with liquid egg. Waffle is so so. The Matcha soy latte is nice. Worth to go
Thank you for providing gluten free cupcakes and other goodness for those that need it! Delicious!
Red Velvet Cake Batter and you don't have to feel guilty...
Great salon. Very nice and relaxing. Ask for Angela. She does a great job!  Nice precision cut.
Good but not my favourite in town, the sashimis are fresh, the signature roll was great
Came in for lunch today and not so good. Chicken was over cooked and poor attitude.
Quality work and reasonable prices. Definitely the place to go for a broken iPhone or iPad screen.
Great find for a cheap, quick but authentic deli lunch. I had smoked turkey and Poutine. Yum!!
I love their bean & vegetable soup as well as the broccoli & cheese soup! :)
Wonderful staff! Delicious and healthy...can't beat it!
Like the Wednesday and Thurs atmosphere.  Just wish it wasn't hard to get the hospitality card now.
Fantastic service and they definitely have an affordable lunch menu. Food quality is great.
Professional, quality massage, I will definitely be back.  Support this small local business.
Great wine selection! 32 different wine to choose from with a sip, taste or a pour. You choose!
They do not deliver. False advertising. Update your yelp profile and be honest with your customers.
I like this place a lot. Their snails are extremely good tasting. And their desserts are good too!
Hi I am a first time client and Sydney was great I had a wonderful time so comfortable thanks
Found this place through Yelp and now it's my go-to for bomb doubles. Wish I lived closer.
amazing sopes!! amazing burritos!! amazing quesadillas!! amazing everything!!
Walked in and asked for a doppio.  Response was 'Dope-what' and walked out.
Excellent de fra cheur et de qualit . Un peu plus d'espace serait appr ci  pour manger sur place
Great place to stay  Employees were all nice
The food was just OK. I like the location and decor but that's about it.
In town for meeting and found Matts Big Breakfast.   Great food and service.  Recommend highly.
Moray time. Nice little space.delicious blueberry brioche. Looking forward to go back.
Great food! Didn't realize how popular the place was but my family and I will be back for sure!
this is my favorite sub spot, good food, good prices, everyone is friendly and it's always clean.
The restaurant was full of Mexican customers! Need I say more
Delicious noodle and the soup taste so good . I would definitely come to this as daily dining
Best gelato spot in Gilbert!  I love how friendly the staff is and how cute the shop is as well!
The Very Petit Portion of fresh, good french food!  Not enough for somebody from Etats-Unis!
i felt like i was taken back in time. old school! good food. fast service. fries are excellent.
Veggie Tom Ka is on point....try the curry noodles. You're welcome.
Great service!! I am always satisfied when I leave! They do my high and tight just right!
So yum. Always busy and service is good. Have only had spring rolls and Pho. Happy girl.
Reasonable prices, great chicken wings, pretty average pizza. It'll do the job if you're hungry.
love it when this morning crew has time to make you laugh, they always do such a great job.
Eh, just ok. Better pizza places in carnegie and Greentree. Likely won't go back.
Oh how I love Korean BBQ! Definitely a spot I visit in my trips to Vegas! One of my top 3!
They do awesome work! I get so many compliments on my lashes! Thank you Ana and Deka Lash!
Good food, big portion, cafeteria style. I really like the food there. Staffs are very nice
Had the burgetta burger. Very different but very good! And got tons of fries (enough to share)
Great happy hour prices.  Loved the sushi rolls and the tempura veggies were the bomb.
Loved the candy heaven! So good and the best chocolate covered strawberries I've had in awhile
Love this place,  best make your own pizza.  Meats,  veggies all fresh.  Thin crust the best.
Love the atmosphere and definitely try the Big Boss Platter! Great staff.
The casher handled money and made my order without washing her hands, Yuck!!
Usual bank business, not as busy since it's in "Southern Islands" ha haa
I love Rough Beach park. I have been going here for years.
Good food and service were great. Hidden gem in South Charlotte near Carolina Place Mall.
Cozy place for a quick meal. Chicken sandwitch was great.
Love the arepas and get the black bean soup as the side!!
I love this bakery! The cupcakes are always amazing and unique and the staff is super friendly!
Lovely store, you can find many different kind of papers and pens here. Stationery lovers' heaven.
Excellent sushi, reasonable prices, and great service from a friendly staff. You can't ask for more!
Very good traditional standard pho. Good price, fast service, delicious as pho always is. 5/5
Great food!! Being a New Yorker, I feel at home here! The staff is super friendly as well!!
Twice the price for half the quality. Cold fries, poor burger execution. Bad experience.
Good meal.  Everything was right on, but the noise level was a bit too much for my taste.
Nice little place to pop in for quick little pedi for the price. Quick, clean, friendly.
Gave this place a try.  Pizza was so-so at best.  Price was alright.  Won't be going back.
A fun and happy board game place. Friendly staff. Cheap to hang out at on a Friday night!
the best fish and chips in ontario  by far the best  lunch special is best bang for your buck!
Fabulous, everything we have ordered has been great. Friendly staff. The pot of bread fabulous
I like this pho restaurant because the quality is consistent and the price is very reasonable.
Really clean.Nice displays.Great prices.Staff was really helpful.Will be going back soon
These are the best cupcakes in the valley, hands down (and we've tried a lot of cupcake places)...
Worst service, we had to give a tip for a glass of water with the purchase of 5 cigars.
Nice concept & alternative to comp in area. Little pricey but good. Great foodie hood.
we had the enchilada nachos and now I'm dreaming about nachos...yes they were that good lol
Great food and great service. Definitely at the top of the list of Pittsburgh Steak Houses.
Don't think I will be back. They nicked my dog's face.  Also the person in front wasn't so friendly.
Our to go place for dimsum and lobsters . Wonderful service , delicious food, great price.
This place is comparable to Buca di Beppo.  Definitely for the masses.
Great fun after voting at the polls. Cool atmosphere nice to watch the game on several different TV
Good prosciutto sandwich and free wifi!
It's one of my best bakery ever.  highly recommend. Fresh delicious hot from the oven
Great place for breakfast/brunch! Good food, good service and they get you in and out quick!
Good food and great service.   Tip: if you like space to eat don't get a Booth, it's a little tight.
Chihuly art with zero crowds and zero admission fee, and a knowledgeable staffer.
Highly knowledgeable staff, great prices, and excelling selection for all your bbq needs
Glad I found this place. Amazing food, great quality and service. Definitely will be back!!
Good spot to get your grub on. Music wasn't to loud. Friendly service clean. All around good eats
Fantastic guacamole! Great choice of music!
I expected a lot more from this place, but the burger was just mediocre.
good white pizza and open untill like 4 in the morning? this is pretty awesome!
Not sure what the big deal is. Pizza was extremely salty and greasy.
excellent for lunch. tortellini salad and a glass o wine. great service, very casual n friendly.
Absolutely love this place.  Great space and sometimes they have live music.
The staff is friendly and helpful! And it's a convient place to do my workouts!
Good barbecue. Clean restaurant. Wish they had a changing table in the restrooms for babies
White pizza with ricotta cheese is so good & marinara, meat ball,  Alfredo are so good.
Horrible food, fake cheese, frozen shrimp, and stale tortillas. Don't waste your time with this one.
IHOP is one of my favorites, but they weren't open when advertised. I was very disappointed.
Favorite lunch spot in town. Quick service , good food. Happy to give them a thumbs up
Once again The Monastery is delicious. Wednesday hamburger and fries special. You gotta try it.
The food was good but the price was a bit high considering the quantity, quality and atmosphere.
Great food, and the Loganberry is awesome, but the fries could be better
Great spot for a quick bite! Grilled meats were tender and juicy - single refill only for drinks.
Good service. Good food. Good ppl. Panda always does the job  but no more panda. Health reasons
He fixed my earphone jack really fast , angels really good at his job thank you angel
Fantastic experience.  Great massage, gets those knots out. I highly recommend.
Very cool place with a great atmosphere. Definitely try the french onion soup!
Nice, clean and listened to what I wanted! I love this place, hope they never change!!!
My favorite pizza/pasta place.  They always make my salad just the way I want it, without complaint.
Incredible pizza!  Garlic bread was good too!  A little pricey but totally worth it.
good value easy to work with fast results
YO THEY GOT KIDS WORKIN HERE!!! 10/10 recommend stopping by. They got the happy meal hook up
Mike and George in control. Amazing food, drinks and atmosphere. Wish we lived in the hood.
was refereed here for the seafood buffet oh how my wife loved this place so much thank you
Really good sushi and specials. Service is hit or miss, but everyone is very friendly.
If you want it hotter, just ask!  Their Kimchee rocks
Great breakfast and service. Love their cfs and home fries. Its always busy but never a long wait.
Good guys. Good selection. Good customer service. I'm a repeat customer.
Caring customer service. Clean. Daily gate access. Friendly staff. Clean restrooms. Great prices.
Just amazing. The bread will tear the roof of your mouth up but it's so worth it. Hmm mmm!
The most filthiest bathroom I have ever seen in my life. Don't stop here as the store is dirty!
food is ok servers are VERY nice and helpful management is: non existent, rude, and not caring
Don't sit outside if you need service the waitresses will never see you. Tea is ok but a bit pricey.
Amazing service, food is phenomenal and authentic. Best Mexican restaurant I've ever been to by far.
You can never go wrong with Chompies! Everything on the menu is amazing!
The burger was great. I'm not a fan of their fries... But man that was a good burger!
Only korean place we'll go in town! Our favs include seafood pancake, bugolgi, seafood tofu soup.
If you want a great experience and awesome results please go visit Dr. Michael Smith.
Love the biscuits. Patio seats are nice
I love soup.. but I love Clear Soups..  too many thick creamy soups.  Another Panera.
I enjoyed this place the food was great  I didn't want to leave I wanted to eat here for ever lol
Best experience with dry cleaning that I've had in this city.
at nacho daddy on w sahara for buy one get scarlett is the best bartender in town! love that gurl!!
Great food! So happy I stopped by one afternoon after work. Martha's is my new go to for Mexican!
In general, I do not like eating at buffets but this one was pretty enjoyable.
Meh......@$2.50 a pop plus tax...i'm just as happy getting a 6 pack at my local grocery store.
My fav breakfast spot in Tega Cay.  Kinda reminds me of the delis from back home in NYC
Napoleon restored my faith in ATT afer a dreadful experience at the Blue Diamond location.
Muy buena atenci n y la comida espectacular, el ambiente de poca luz pero muy acogedor
Employees are always helpful, produce is good, store is clean. Have never had a bad experience.
Nice, funky and inviting coffee shop north of Pittsburgh with good chai latte and cup A Joe.
There was a great selection for the emerald club and the car was nearly new.
Loved this place! Excellent customer service and so many nail options! Will definitely return
Ryan did a wonderful job refinishing our bathtub - it literally looks brand new!  We are so pleased!
Absolutely amazing New York style pizza. Desserts were so-so.  Best pizza on the strip.
If you don't come see Brian here for drinks, you're missing out! Good place, good people!
fast freindly and reliable..thanks CPR you saved my life!!  15% discount for doing a review...
Great color selection, super professional best mani and I looooove the hot hot towel hand massage!!
Went for a quick brunch. Food is great , fresh and beautiful looking . nice environment.
Great place to eat i eat here all the time chicken fried chicken is my go 2 ones again great place
Fast service. Incredibly inexpensive compared to portion sizes. Delicious food.
We have been here a few times. The food is always really good and the prices are quite reasonable
Excellent service, great food, nice portions, and a welcoming atmosphere! Would visit again!!
Yelp'd pizza near me, it was reviewed well & near by. We went, found it, ate it & fvcking loved it.
The pizza is delicious!  We stopped for a quick slice and ended up ordering a large for dinner!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the country. I love the cheese crisps chicken and beef.
Drive Thru - Super friendly and always remember us and what we like to order.
Another standard DD.  Coming from the south, a little tricky to access.
Best prices in Arizona and great quality if you have nevwr been here you definitely need to come
Favorite Auction House when In Arizona! Most Reasonable Fee's in Nation!
Just go somewhere else, save the headaches.
One of the best research institutions in the world with many high ranking programs.
Being from Chicago the crave an actual deep dish Pizza and Vito's is it!  We try and get it weekly!
Love the sin city chicken and the veggie frites
Super friendly staff. Made my sandwich with no bread. A special request came out perfect.  Thanks.
Love getting my nails done here! Andy does a great job and he is super nice and very thorough!
People here are not polite and the drivers suck. Very disappointed with my experience.
Love the food and excellent pricing! Good space and nice ambience. Need more places like this
Had the brisket sandwich and waffle fries.  Meh, nothin special, not worth visiting.
This place is so hood. One day I will find a three armed shirt, and I will buy it.
it's hit or miss....when it hits it's great...when it misses it ain't
Great sandwiches and friendly employees. I'm always happy with a sandwich from Sourdough Escape.
Amazing and authentic. Next level, not your average Mexican restaurant.
The food is good! I enjoy the Singapore rice noddles.
Afrojack 7/6 = Amazing. Best way to spend my last night of my 20's. Well done, XS.
Great Dessert and BBQ, bad Sushi.
WoW!   A must visit when near Phoenix. Wish there is a place like this in the OC
Addicted .. The vibe is perfect too .. Open till. 3am .. Thick noodles all day.. Spicy
Woooo is the best place for lunch..  The pollo con queso is soooo goooood Thanks
This place isn't bad. Its kinda like a five star Five Guys. I'd rather go to In And Out.
I'm a big fan of this place. Love the Macha Chai
Master Kim is always very encouraging and positive with kids.
good food. great prices. Complete authentic india food. Gongura mutton, chcken fried rice.
Not open Sundays for dinner even though yelp and group on say so, flamingos staff were rude about it
The food is very good but the lady with the accent is friggin bii**h. Haven't been back since.
food was expensive, service was a-ok. mediocore
Alwayyyyyyyys a fan of Sitara. The chili chicken never fails.
Supper shuttle is an excellent value for the travel public.
Service was better this time around. Even if it is crappy I still think its the best boba I've had.
Great place to eat the food is absolutely delicious...
Excellent service. I have been coming here for years and I have never felt ripped off or gouged.
Grand open today  Loving this place already  Decor is so modern Quite place relaxing place
The place was so clean.  Mike and Angela were sweet and patient.   I am glad I found them.
My wife and I enjoy his place regularly. We are super excited they are coming to Boulder City!
this place was so awesome! super good prices too, and eric did an amazing job with my nails!
I've been coming here for years. Great place for breakfast and lunch. Highly recommend.
The spa is wonderful...a real hidden gem in Oakdale.  The services are performed professionally.
Reasonably priced for great food. Great atmosphere, besides soccer playing on tv in background.
Decent place for chicken strips. Fast, friendly service.
Probably one of the worst Pizza Huts in Charlotte. Stay away. Don't waste time or money.
"Best Burger in Town" is not an exaggeration. It's the best. The salad and chilli are also great!
So good!  Real authentic Italian food just the way grandma made it in the old days!
Only open for breakfast and lunch. If you go away hungry, it's your own danged fault. LOL
Reliably awesome. Nothing mind blowing (except maybe their desserts!)
It's the best prices and selection of produce.   Only knock is always busy
I don't come here often, only in special events. This place is not so fun and boring actually.
Place is complete garbage!!
My husband and kids really liked this place. The hot dogs and chili cheese fries are great!
We got seated right away waitress was polite and food was awesome we will definitely be back
Smartfilm thanks for hooking up our other car! U guys are so awesome and professional!
Great service  Excellent photos! On time and they always deliver. You will not be disappointed.
Extensive craft beer selection and good live music.  Highly recommend the Super Salad
Love the sauce, but service was slow and fries anemic...
Very good food; beef chow fun, fried tofu and fried rice
The best.  Just the environment is amazing    Food great service the best.   Nothing compares
Mmmmmmmm, need I say more?  You had  The Hubs at "vegan blizzard" and did not disappoint.
Highly recommend Dominick's. Great food, and even better service. Jeremy was an awesome server!
They got me ready for the Golden Globes this year!  LOVE my girls there!
The Fetalicious pizza is the bomb! You do not need to be a vegetarian to enjoy this pie!
Great food. Awesome service. Priced right. Always a family feel, full stomachs, and a big smile.
Great airport. They've significantly improved their operations over the years. Money well spent
Great oldtimey ice cream shop in Old Town Scottsdale. Banana split was the real deal.
Great burgers and the calamari is awesome! I'm looking forward to trying their pig wings next time!
Ummmm.... I hate to say it, but McDonald's is better ! Soggy, sloppy, mess! Won't be back!
The crew is ALWAYS professional and. Keeps my place looking awesome day in and day out!
Great massage! Perfect pressure and stretching even. Felt fantastic afterwards. Highly recommended.
Great food! Best polish sausage in the world!
J's new place is great! The decor is adorable and I can't get enough of the Birdgang roll.
Best pizza ever brings me back to childhood "cornet pizzeria"!!!!!!!
Best oxtail soup in town!  Only place I've seen carry chantilly cake.  Furikake shrimp is bomb!
Excellent food, atmosphere and margaritas!  The service was also very good. Definitely going back.
Good location and good selection. As always, at a place like this, it is hit or miss!
Seriously was meh at best! Don't  know how everyone makes such a fuss. It has no where to sit!!!
Panang Shrimp was amazing. Portion size was good too.
If you're in Scottsdale, this is the place to eat. Everything is good.
Excellent sandwiches, awesome fries and lemonade! The Philly Cheesesteak never disappoints.
This is the place to go for subs!! Friendly folks, Great service and awesome sandwiches.
There is a parking garage behind. Awesome service. Delicious brunch. Good vibe in the restaurant.
Service is great, owners are super nice and the food is yummy, love the crab Rangoon!
must visit while visiting Pittsburgh. recommended by a local, good food, surprising,
The owners are very generous and accommodating ! One of my top take out/delivery places .
Dumplings were cold. Still charged me half price. Maybe a decent place, but not this time.
I have been going here since it opened. The only decent sushi in the SW Valley. Good service
A little different than what I'm used to but, I love Gina's class.
If you like meat, you must try Gaucho.  Wonderful flavors!
This place is so good. There philly cheese steak is delicious and the gyros! Definitely recommend.
don't waste your time, the worst service in Las Vegas
Love their atmosphere and friendly staff. Food is great and enjoy eating here. Will be back. Ole
Fast in and out... awesome service by Rebecca. ..in 15min i was ready for the red carpet
Cool little place.  Neighborhood bar, nothing fancy.  Good place to go for a beer.
Always consistent service and food quality. Great pricing if you have a vip card to boot.
I wanted authentic Japanese steakhouse walked in and it was Mexican restaurant. Nothing is sacred.
Authentic food at a reasonable price.Good service.chicken satay and  Tom kar is a must to eat here.
Chef salad, pastas, and pizzas... You can't go wrong! & don't forget the garlic knots
My fav. Indian restaurant in Las Vegas. Really excellent food.  The curries are all superb.
Love to go XS an Awesome club went there every time we visit Las Vegas, one of our farvor nightclub
Great food and value. Daily specials are worthwhile and looking forward to becoming a regular.
Food was decent, staff was very attentive but its your typical chain resturant.
Nice Staff & Great place to chill, drink coffee, & hang on wifi.
Anazing steak gyro wow..foods fresh environment clean and chill..def love it and recommend it!
Nice French flavor outside Montreal. Let croissant be the judge!
What a neat place tucked in off the Main Street here in Cave Creek. Very good espresso.
Best french bakery in Charlotte hands down.
Love this place. They make the best pork belly in madison!! The pork shoulder is also awesome!!!
Awesome BBQ & very creative cocktails!  We will be back!   We've found our new BBQ place.
We loved this place. Perfect for wknd night out. Great drinks good service and lively atmosphere
Big Fan - Great prices and The Best Sushi in Scottsdale Bar None.
 
Wonderful owner...bought a shirt and she gave us banana bread too! Nice selection for Nebraska fans!
The patties themselves are tasteless--it's all about the toppings! The burgers are pretty expensive.
Best chicken tenders you'll ever have!!  Somewhat of a hole in the wall bar but located on central.
as far as take away airport sushi goes - this place is one of the best
Mediocre food, overpriced, and horrendous attitude.  The 5 star reviews are also pretty suspect.
Not the best customer service, however they do have Pronovias gowns which are hard to find.
The chicken chow mein is good, soft noodles, not hard.
Awesome. Reliable, reasonable and just really lovely service.
Good cold beer and the wait staff is excellent. The food is solid pub food without frills but fills.
Best wings in town! The Cajun and lemon pepper wings are to die for. Highly recommend!
best in town.  clean, quiet, big, beautiful, first class, first pick.
Expensive for what it is. Still good once in a while, you can find better places to eat around.
Meh, it's OK. The world famous salad is just OK. Service is good though.
I love burgers. This place is great but to far for me to go
Very good thrift store with good prices. I agree, better than Goodwill. Organized and clean.
Lots of fun. I took my wife and 7 year old daughter. They loved it and the DVD was really well done.
Doesn't get better than this. Great drinks, food, and service. Thanks, Joseph!!!
Friendly service. Food is delicious. Perfect for a nice weekend breakfast. Will definitely return :)
The air in this place is so stale it makes me sick. Big bins of irrelevancy for sale. Skip it.
Love the food here.  The "New South" vibe is definitely working!
It's always a solid value for the money. Shawarma is somewhat westernized but still delicious.
The Barbers r good nd friendly from my experience,but I wud never step foot in tht salon  part again
Simone's probably has THE best roti that I've tried in Toronto! The staff is super friendly too!
Joe gave me the beat service and good prices!
Good food and cold beer nice vibe too I definitely come back if I'm ever back in that area
Great off strip restaurant... Decent prices with good saki selection... Sushi was good
Great fingers, special sauce is tasty, guy behind counter is very friendly.  Decor is too kitschy
great food great peeps great atmosphere...fun place
Highlights: pizza, baked goods, and salads.
It was a disgustingly perfect experience. Extra points for making the crawfish nuclear hot!!
Kenny did my car tint and it looks fabulous!  Great customer service as well!  Thank so much!
Soup is ultra salty .  Good portion of food thought ..ok   acceptable .    Casual lunch
Nice facilities and landscaping. Enjoyed the history notes. Lots of playground stuff for kids.
love the look and feel at The Brix
This hotel is ok for what you pay.  Not the best location but it's affordable and nice.
sweetest ppl ever and amazing sushi! we eat here at least once a week!
I am sad this place had to close, whatever the real reason. I miss my bacon won-tons!
Amazing atmosphere, they know their coffee drinks and the food is delicious. Locally sourced food
Loved the chicken strips! Best I've ever had!!!! Will be back for sure! Great happy hour too!
Best place to have breakfast in Las Vegas. Fresh, tasty and super service. Look no further.
 
Good little local joint Service, food and atmosphere all great
Breakfast for dinner!  Awesome waffles, Bacon really peppery. I love it. Good bar too.
Met my daughter and her friends here.  Great martini and fabulous tapas food.
It took a bit longer than usual but the girl was friendly so overall I am happy with the service.
Love the atmosphere. The Tree Hugger iced coffee is a must try. Local produce, I'm happy.
Love their food, Sangria is my favorite!! Great service, beautiful people and fun atmosphere!!
Irma is wonderful,  always a smile. Awesome  breakfast .
the food is OK, the best thing is the soda machine {Coca-Cola Freestyle}.
Very good, reasonably priced bar food. Excellent live music. I will be back.
Always solid, always fresh, just good Greek food that doesn't break the bank! Love the gyros!
First time here and I am a fan. Good layout. Nice staff and speedy service.
The food is good but mediocre - if you don't know good greek food, this may pass.
Minimal selection, marked up prices and very rude staff. Will never return.
Fantastic happy hour. $3 full-sized martinis.  The HH food ($5) is just OK.
Tried for the first time and was very satisfied.  Clean, friendly staff with great customer service.
Wanna blow your mind early in the morning? Holy smokes. Breakfast Burrito, Christmas style.
No glazed. No maple. Full stock of hard and stale glazed cake donuts. Not good. Very okay. Eh.
Delicious. Had the breakfast sandwich and the yogurt parfait. Nice, small east side place.
We just ate here again thought it would be different nope I got sick -_- it's the bacon they use
Great on the spot service !! Andy helped me out a lot today. Go in there and ask for Andy. 5 stars !
Awesome coffee and panini on a hot afternoon. Was also surprised how fast I got a seat!
The Real Deal!! not Hormal ... The only place in Arizona that reminds me of Detroit !!
Welcome to the Wal Mart of casinos. This casino aint done nothing for nobody nowhere.
besides being over run by evil snow birds at this time of the year they are good.
The most fabulous East Indian cuisine. Really enjoyed everything!! I highly recommend.
Had the Wednesday combo special. Loved the bake beans. Great price.!  Oh n Free ice Cream .!!!
Love this place, my children and I come here often! Love the blue-goo ice cream cone!!
Great Pho House but they need more wait staff. The two people they do have are way too overwhelmed.
The food was ok and the drinks were priced nicely for happy hour. The menu is kind of a mish mash.
Favorite place to take my car for any needs. So honest and helpful. Such good people. Love Wally's!
Can't say enough!! I had the Chia Chia bowl!! Delicious! Left with some great pastries!
The chopped salad is my favorite salad in the entire valley.
Besa gave me a great cleanup cut on my over grown layers! Would definitely recommend her ;)
A bit over-priced, but good food and unique concepts.
Average food, this place is nothing special.
You cannot go wrong with anything on the menu. That being said, butter chicken+naan=life.
The best donut shop in Arizona. Hands down.
I love the building, the pastor, the community. Truly a place of love, hope and healing.
The Salted caramel brownie is my all time favorite thing here. I love their macaroons as well!
Great service.  Nice bartenders.  Good drinks and prices.  Recommend highly.
Just stopped for a quick cocktail between flights - awesome bloody mary and really nice staff.
Yup, worth every star! Thank you fellow yelpers! The shrimp tacos- my fav!!!
Beer was great, bar in general was great actually but no food. Eat first before coming here.
Great hamburgers and overall bar food. The service is spot on. Something to be said nowadays.
Great bar this was my 3rd time going here will go back
The worst extensions I ever purchased!  Total waste of money
Great place to go with the Family!! My 10year old daughter had so much fun! The staff very nice!
Large, clean theaters.  Lots of parking and restaurants nearby.
Old school barber shop. Tony does a great job and makes great conversation. Definitely recommend.
Super disappointed in the quality of routines and professionalism level of this company.
I adore the shamrock!!!! It is my favorite brunch place on lazy Sundays! The mimosas are the best!
Excellent food! Hangover sandwich is huge! Great to share.
Don't come here the winter in  this tme place  is hehell ,hard times are harder times here
Really great sandwiches with good ingredients and good bread.  Also some great pastries.
Ive used Heldt luber many times in the past. Great service and never a problem!
Great massage by Collette. Obviously very experienced!  I think all the knots are out!
Fletcher's Bar and Grill has amazing food and the staff is friendly and helpful ! Highly recommend!!
First time here, excellent portions for the price and great taste. Will certainly be back again.
Excellent place.  Just a tad small without the usual advantage of being intimate.
The pancakes were huge and really filling and the sausage hash with eggs over easy was amazing!
I do not normally like patty melts, but this one is the best in town.  You have to try it.
Amazing sushi and customer service. Lychee sorbet was to die for. Highly recommend!!!
Finally spoke with someone and they now will be rectifying the situation with a refund.
The tandoori chicken, yellow curry and naan is great! I'll be back!
Bland,  overpriced food.  Only to be consumed if desperate. I'm not quite sure why people go here.
Great indoor practice facility with cages and tunnels.  Good pricing and very friendly staff!
Great burgers... I've been a couple times already and the burgers have been consistently good!
Holy smokes!!! This ice cream place rocks!  Black raspberry chocolate chunks is to die for!!
Yummy foods I love it.. cheap price and high quality service and foods are totally yummy...
Cleanest place in AZ. Waxed floors were shiney all the machines and glass were streak free
The rolls were good but a little small for the price, the wait was long for not being busy.
Great Downtown choice! Killer craft beer selection and scrumptious comfort food.
Love the ahi tuna sandwich with sweet potato fries!
Great price, decent sushi, excellent location (quite busy on the weekends around lunch time).
My first ever salted caramel brownie was from the Uptown Charlotte location. I fell in love.
Best chicken fingers EVER! And their fries rock too! Went here a million times when I was in school!
Down to the last Farm Basket in town.  Always a great meal and great memories.
Great, fresh sushi.  Only, they actually DON'T deliver. Big bummer.
Wouldn't work with me and quoted me with a very high price. Taking my business to California.
Pictures are beautiful by the way -- and thanks for getting them ready quick for our holiday cards!
Amazing service! My usual is the Turkey on wheat. Love the chopped pickles. Pickles in every bite!
I like this mall a lot- it's solid, good store selection.
Not a fan. Great coke and the portion size is great fit the money, but the food is bland.
The sushi was okay. The service wasn't that good. Porbably the only time i'll go there.
Great Hawaiian style shave ice! My fave in Vegas!
Food is ok for what it is. Price is ok. Service is ok. Fries were warm not hot but ok
My idea of a perfect yummy brunch! Everything was wonderful and I plan to go back soon to try more!!
I love this place! Big servings and great flavor. I love their spam musubi and combos!
Great food with Excellent service! We will be coming here on our next visit to Vegas!
Great food, hot service, and authentic atmosphere. Not fancy, but full of flavor, and big portions!
Awesome hot dog place. I love the grilled hot dogs and they have, hands down, the best onion rings!
I am so sad that this place is closed :(  Wonderful location, great times.
Great chicken fingers! Sauce is delish and lemonade is the best.
Solid boba tea, not sure how the donuts are.  Customer service could definitely improve.
Had a great time, found some great vegan options, would recommend it and would visit again
Their lunch specials are a big hit with my brothers and me! Orange chicken and rice for only $6!
Great Burger at the game at Suncoast.  Go see Brian  Great happy hour.
Just like all the other posts suggest.... food and beer is good- the service is god awful.
I haven't had real good burger very long time ago. I ordered chicken breast and it was great.
We had a party of 30 and the staff was very attentive and did not fail to entertain!
Best coffee shop in Pittsburgh! Feels like I am in a friend's home. Friendly staff, great service!
Great haircut and service from Gina!  The price was very good and i Will be coming back.  Thank you!
Nathan is awesome helped setup delivery for my bed to my house and great customer service.
Really nice sushi. The service was good, nice selection of sushi, and the sashimi was outstanding.
Always a favorite!  The butter cake at the end is always worth saving a little room.
Bombay chicken was really good. Also, enjoyed the noodles.
First time. Personable service. You can make your own bowl!  Grub Hub delivers for them I believe.
Audrey is very professional and knowledgeable technician. Absolutely love my new brows!
Delicious fresh food and the employees behind the counter were so nice! Highly recommend!
Cool place. Get the salted caramel brownie! Best I've had.
Had some halo halo and it was good.  Hard to find but worth it for Filpino fast food.
A good place for a quick lunch. Staff and friendly and courteous. What else do you need.
I fell off a barstool here once, but I guess that means I had a good time.
The staff here is friendly and helpful.  Food is good and live music adds to the atmosphere.
The cheeseburger is delicious and quick to receive. Deep fried onion rings and bacon was amazing!
I actually didn't mind this airport too much
Great organic free-trade coffee. Free wifi. Stress free decor. Family owned, super staff.
this is a little hidden gem in Kenmore ohio. amazing chicken. and fresh meat prices you cant beat
Always a fan of Alexander's.   The food is great at a reasonable price and the service is good.
I love Amelie's. Always nice food and the chai latte is very tasty. We go to Park Rd one most often.
Eric is the best once again did a great job and amazing customer service so respectful and polite...
Red and green curry should not be called curry. Vegetable oil sitting on top of colored water.
I've been going here since it opened. And recently I noticed the cashiers are so rude.
Tasty Food, Great Price Point, Very Friendly Staff
I honestly had to write this review so everyone can know the truth! This place is super bad !!!!
Pretty darn good for chicken fingers and fries!!! An easy go to if the lines aren't too long.
Foster's is awesome!!  Must get the chocolate peanut butter ice cream its is to die for
Food has that faint taste of dirty dishwater.
good price and flavor for beer at main bar near buffet
Love the new renovations! New management team at North York has improved everything!
We ordered a small pizza to share. The wait staff was very helpful and the pizza was delicious!
Great place to eat brunch at!
if you got the bread, they've got the goods. my go to place for parts.
Good taste. Less quantity. Parking facility. Good service and friendly professional staff.
One of my fav spots prices always on point and they always got good meds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally some great pho is Surprise!! Owner was very nice. Store was clean and the pho was great!!
Love there food especially the steak on  a Kaiser. Staff is always friendly and welcoming
All I can say is mmmmh! Mmmmmmh! MMMMMMMMH! Wow for a "chain" this is soooo good!
Good food & Great bartenders. Excellent local bar!!!
Service is good 6 oz steak plain and tiny the size of a golf ball not worth the 23 bucks
Best starbucks  in las vegas Staff is super friendly
The food was amazing. Everything was fresh and perfectly prepared. Staff was friendly and attentive.
Great patio dining! I enjoyed Easter breakfast with mimosas here and had a fabulous breakfast.
i love the authenticity and overall great vibe of this place!
Best Organic Coffee House Agave Stevia Price Architecture Friendliness Family Run in Cave Creek !
love her! she did my microblading touch up after a horrible experience!!
Prices went up recently,  about 1-2 bucks on each item. food is about average, nothing special
Sara cut my hair. Got exactly what I asked for. Can't beat it for the price in midtown area!
service could be better, or maybe i am used to service back in 626?  tea was alright, too much ice.
They had a 3hr window and never showed, when I called they didn't seem interested in my business
Quick drinks and excellent service. Always able to get a quick seating here.   Strong Manhattan's !
Fantastic food lower priced the f*** it I think the lobster burritos are going to get me laid.
Awesome and QUICK service plus prices are great.
Cheaply built homes, ugly neighborhoods.  What more do you need to know?
Fun place on the strip.  Waitress was great, but wasn't happy when we asked to split the ticket.
November 4th... perfect one man band. Music was relaxing and perfect volume. I am so happy :)
Good customer service and the breakfast is good. We usually order the hog and chick and waffles.
Best chili chicken I have ever had. So spicy I'm sweating but totally worth it! Good atmosphere too.
Great service. Delicious bar style food. And the people watching does not disappoint.
Tried chilli paneer dry, veg pakora in mongolian sauce and fried rice - not great at all!
Awesone park to walk your dogs. And also just to walk or workout love this place so beautiful.
Loved my food just didn't like the cream cheese inside my sushi def will get it without next time
Difficult to work with,  Will not honor there price quotes.
Went last week, didn't get sick this time but very expensive for what it is. Lot's of seafood.
Really good chicken and humas.
Excellent service, very fair price.  No nonsense approach and nice people!
Good food, great beers, and a fabulous pub quiz on Mondays.  Check it out.
The snail appetizer was succulent.  The view of the city, beautiful.
Yummy food! Great service! Family friendly atmosphere! Great Prices!
Nice spicy wings and kung pao chicken...
Delicious cookout barbecue restaurant great environment-friendly employees recommended
We use RP Gas Piping for all of our exterior gas components on our custom builds.
Tacos are great. The beans have a really good taste. The rice tastes homemade. Price is cheap.
Small, intimate venue with great food. Be prepared - they only accept cash/debit!
Decent bar food at a decent price. I like taht they are open all day long as well.
Good grpup of guys very nice and friendly. I always come here for my oil change for the last 2years.
Sizzling rice soup is great.  Never disappointed - fast and reasonable !  Nice seating in back.
Good Stuff.  Excellent food quality and great service.  Bit of a strange vibe.
Love the fresh food, employees are great. Price is right!!!!!
Ok, so changing this review as it was intended for Tempe location.
Quick. Friendly. Professional. And quality! Everything I look for in a dry cleaner!
Needed service on a Saturday People were friendly and quick Great job
This was a fun float. Slow at times but the Rapids make up for it.  Locals party on the river.
wow the jerk chicken was succulent and flavourful... great portions and definitely hits the spot
Recommended by a friend, didn't disappoint. Called ahead to make an appointment. I feel great!
Worst food ever!  This place is not even worthy of one star. Stale/Frozen/Tasteless food.
Authentic Syrian home made meals with exceptional hospitality and service. Highly recommended ;)
Excellent food, cocktails and wine menus; great patio; good crowd. It's a gem!
Amazing food and great service! I recommend the greens and beans. We will definitely return.
I come here for the spacious dining along with some of the best fresh nan brought to your table.
This place is way over priced and the staff were really rude.
Very good service and I got honest answers to any question. I will be using them in the future.
Great customer service-especially dining room person-offered help, refills and removing trash.
It was ok. I didn't mind it. The ambience ok. Service was nice. Food cost reasonable & delicious.
Best haircut by Brilene. She cut my hair exactly how I wanted it. I will be back for sure !!!!
It was so good! The atmosphere was really fun and friendly. Highly recommend, it's adorable
This one is absolutely amazing!! Buffalo blaats amd lettuce wraps. Killer lunch with my love
Great teeth whitening. Great location. Friendly staff! A yearly must do with designer shades.
Best. Fried. Chicken. The 10 piece chicken strip meal half soy garlic half spicy is heaven.
Really like the Tomori Sub, gonna have to try more.
Very limited menu, indifferent wait staff there are so many better Italian restaurants...weird place
I don't live in AZ, but when I'm in town, I always come here. Best Acai bowls I've had anywhere
I love this place. Beautiful view. Food is good. Server was really polite and nice we will come back
Very good showplace.  The donuts are huge and soft.  Moist bits of heaven.   I'm in love.
Amazing! The best waffles I ever eaten, actually everything we ordered was very good. Great quality!
Excellent menu choices, presentation and food! Highly recommend for breakfast or brunch.
They are extremely slow at the register. If things weren't so cheap, I'd never visit this store.
Delicious Donuts, open early so I can get a convenient treat to take to work on special occasions.
Please do not eat here. My husband and I got food poising and had to go to the ER.
Love their food. We order a pie or two for all our special occasions/holidays/celebrations.
Takeout chicken breast was dry and tasteless. Lot's of decent fries.
John is the best server ever and they have the best rolls ever!! So glad we found this place!!!
We enjoyed our lunch very much!  Good service and good food!  I'm looking forward to a return visit.
Pharmacy staff is always polite, helpful and working hard. Love 24 hour service
Great service, delicious food. Had the prime rib. Came out perfect temp, will come back.
Very tasty sandwich. Can be very busy with limited seating, but worth it. Make sure you have time.
Oscar is the best! Highly recommend their chicken picatta and clam linguini with white sua
Perfect breakfast experience. fast, friendly service  The food was good too I loved the home fries.
This place is so ghetto. Hard core ghetto. Good open box selection due to high theft incidents.
Great food!!  Very authentic.  Love the BYOB!Atmosphere outside is fabulous.  Inside is very plain.
Great service, people and comfort food. Osullivans has now been added to our work lunch rotation
Would u pay 11$ for Thai appetizer wtf!!! So disappointed and the hostess was rude and NOT welcoming
Extremely high prices, shop at Target or Costco versus these rip offs!
Good joint with awesome band...don't forget the hot wait staff with the cool hats...
The best Indian food I know.  Sometimes I have to wait awhile for the food but it's worth it.
They did well for soft opening.ambiance looks so pretty!And the food come on!!!!Yummy!
The wait is usually pretty long, but food is literally amazing.
It was good.  Pretty classic mexican family restaurant.
They are idiots horrible with money lost my check and they won't credit my account  .... Dummy's
Enjoyed my meal it was delicious super fast what a great addition so hour neighborhood family!
What a great little place! The food was exceptional and the service was fantastic! We will be back!
Great place!  Drinks were awesome, food was really good, as well. Not typical bar food.
Great atmosphere, employees, and coffee! Would definitely recommend this coffee shop!
The pho is pretty bland but the won ton soup and spring rolls are excellent.
These is one of the slowest Mc Donalds I've ever been in smh...15 min in drive thru for a damn cone
Great place to eat they need to hire a professional cashier.. food is excellent.
Gentle, painless dentistry. Very friendly office staff!
Great Guinness!!! Would have received a "5" if they had 'All Day Irish Breakfast' on the menu.
Nice place to be. The taste of these Desserts is outstanding. Highly recommended.
Slow service,cold greasy food....No Thanks....not again!
Food is great, staff is great, but they really should clean the chandeliers above the bar
Excellent service and product, even finished the job ahead of time. HIGHLY recommend.
I love it! Good curry and great buffet price. Tandoori pollo is awesome. The place is very nice.
Great gym Great class cheep membership.  LVAC is the place to get fit.
The restaurant is clean, nice food, good service. One of the best medterian restaurants.
Service ranges from poor to good.  The food is fresh.  The restaurant is in need of a make over.
Great friendly service!! They fixed my iPhone 6 screen in less than 15 minutes. Thank you very much.
Lame and overrated. Awkward effort by the girls on the microphone. Low energy and tacky.
I had a great pedicure with Teresa today.  She is so sweet and does an excellent job!
food are fresh and we got a very good service, considering they're bout to close!!
We used to come here often. Food not so great and service went down hill. Disappointed.
Best place ever! If u really like the foods, come here. If u like Detroit, come here!
Nice place for kids, good food an excellent dessert. Really friendly and good service.  I love it!!!
Loved everything about this place. Sports bar done right. Great food and staff! Will be back again!
Agree with everybody on this one liar and cheater. And makes the customers guilty in a strange way.
Really good pizza! Fresh ingredients and a perfect crust!  Waaaay better than Pieology!
Yummy sushi for it's location!!!! We walk to this place from our condo and it's super convenient....
Amazing place. Extremely diverse menu. Great beer selection. Highly recommend the place.
This place is great.  Wine and mixed drinks were good. We'll be back for sure.
So so so good. Best thing to stumble across at 2am. I was literally transported back to NY
The Torta Cubana is a must!! And the service is great! Good music. This place is official. 5 star!!
2 people can eat the regular size poutine. Try the bacon-chili-cheese one: simply delicious.
Good experience. Definitely something you want to see once in your life-time. Well worth it.
Their bi bim bop is the best in the county. Either in the hot stone or cold bowl, it's the best.
i have to say goodbye to this dental clinic not because of Dr Goh..but the his staff..
Can food taste any more boring?  I guess it can.  At another First Watch location.
Love this place food is great service is great and music is great. Brenda was a really nice person.
Loved the buffalo fries! Got the fries at a tipsy cactus food truck nigt. Loved them both.
Reserve a cabana, grab a group and stay all day.  You won't be sorry!!
This Walmart isn't my fave. The setup is weird and there's no deli counter in the grocery section.
Maria has been awesome! She's my go to person. She has made this whole experience extremely easy.
best place in town for amazing mexican style food and the best soup ive ever had!
Ramen is great. I really enjoyed the pork belly with rice bowl. Price is very affordable.
Favourite ice cream parlour in Toronto! They have rich, creamy and devious flavours. A must try!!
I like her. I recently moved here and she's good. I lucked out. She's pragmatic, yet thoughtful.
I use this store to do all my printing, faxing and shipping. They are always helpful.
Should have went to pita jungle... Chicken tacos are pretty bland. The nachos were good but salty.
Chicken pita is excellent. Fresh ingredients and tasty! Portion was great. Friendly staff!
Food is amazing! Large portions for a reasonable price! Staff is extremely fast, attentive,& sweet
Suprising good japanese tapas restaurant.   We went there for both breakfast and dinner.
Great place for sexy shopping. I love the variety of toys and oils . The pleasure is on at the store
Just tried your gluten free almond cookies...they were so yummy.   You are ao talented!
XS sets the nightclub bar!  Always our Sunday night spot.
Really good ramen but pretty heavy. Not enough vegetarian options. No gluten free noodles.
Fish tacos rock!  Sit on the third floor outside great view of caesars and the strip a lot of fun!
Bonne bi re en bonne compagnie.
Okay so I came.  I saw.  I Tachi'd and ummmmmm yah what are those four stars about?
Staff was friendly and there were a few locals make room for me at the bar at an ASU game.
Very decent italian restaurant for classic pasta dishes and mussels. Dessert is a bit too sweet.
Always good food and service.  Excellent fish and chips.
Always one of my favorite stops in Pittsburgh. The food is absolutely worth the wait.
Pie was done perfect hot, crispy crust and just the right amount of grease. I'll be back
Average nail salon. $32 for a mani & spa pedi. Nothing special, but an A-OK experience.
Great little greasy spoon. Fast service and great food. Exactly what you need to get your day going.
I fell in love with this place. Food is amazing. Definitely fills the void after being to Jamaica.
Excellent value.  I come for the chicken and pork gyro all the time. Good price for portion.
ordered the butter chicken with rice dinner here. very good.
Love this place great sushi, great atmosphere and even better service! Sashimi always on point!
Yummy!! Super good food!!
I'm so in love with their salted caramel brownies!!
Awesome Thai, I love the mussaman chicken curry.
Very professional and detailed work. Everybody has a friendly face. Definitely recommended :)
Excellent selection. Everything so fresh.  Service was phenomenal. Will be going back.
I'd fly back to Vegas just to eat here. The short ribs were worth every buck! A must try.
Fresh food, excellent and unique flavors. Dishes are a bit small.. Excellent vegetarian options!
If you like mediocre, expensive nachos coupled with. Super slow service this is your place.
Great place when your crazy some deep dish pizza! Service was great and beer was cold & delicious!
Fantastic martinis (special on Thursdays) and friendly staff.  Nice outdoor seating too.
Ice cream comes out of the machine like paste. Please get it fixed.   Thanks
Awesome pizza and great Calzones and the best philly in AZ  this is my pizza place from now on
Great staff always welcoming and willing to help. Good food. Nice place to have a meal.
   
Wow !! Great service by Megan ! Very attentive and friendly -  Food is fabulous!! Pork dumplings.
visiting AZ for some baseball. super impressed with the sandwich quality and the smoothies/shakes!
Amazing service and presentable/delicious food. Definite recommendation for all sushi connoisseurs.
Better than dennys by far. Flo at the helm!
I still have sex dreams about the burnt marshmallow ice cream from this place. MMMMMMM.
Convenient, quick and tasty! I've only had the chicken tacos and they are freakin' AWESOME! Big ups!
Wow wow wow. The big mackinaw. The end. Highly suggest this place. Very friendly and fast
Excellent food and beer. White fish delicious followed by stonefruit tartlet. Service excellent
One of my favorite places to eat. Especially if you like beef.
Best place to eat in Kent hands down. Excellent food, friendly service, and a lot of options!!
Ridiculously slow!!!!!!! 20 terminals but only staffed with 5 ppl...on a Saturday night!
Firebirds is my favorite restaurant ever! Try the creme  br l e cheesecake and the steak Au poivre!
The food is pretty good but the real reason to go here is for the views!
Loved the winkie!  Eat your vegan meal next door at Green and stroll over to Nami for dessert.
Great food!  A little pricey for a broke mook like me to do regularly but yummy!
Nice place for a work luncheon.  The pizzas and salads are pretty good and reasonable priced.
The staff here are super friendly and assisted me quickly and carefully with my packages.
Best refried beans i have ever had.  Big fancy restaurants dont even compare to these beans bro....
The best chicken wings in the valley. No doubt about it. Try the mango, habanero sauce on the side.
Drinks are cheap because service SUCKS!!! Waited for some one to even talk to us. Finally left.
They have an instant cooler for your wine and drinks. Seriously. That made my day.
This place cool to come to and hang out.. kid friendly and just a must try in vegas....
Delicious food , great ambience, excellent menu choices. First time there but will return.
The ribs were dry.  Don't order them.  The best part of the wings and ribs dish was the tatie tots
This may be the best food value in Vegas! Great chicken fingers, fries, bread and sauces.
Delicious bagels, great variety of bagels and spreads, reasonable prices.
Such a long wait for bad service and an unnecessarily expensive meal. The waiters were eh
Wasn't given the right drink and felt very unwelcome by bartenders. I won't suggest..
Awesome lattes and cappuccinos. Nice coffee art. Excellent location and atmosphere.
Poor customer service, rude staff, pick another range. This an over priced tourist trap.
Parkway is down home country goodness with some of the friendliest folk in Charlotte / Concord!
2 hours for a delivery when they are located a mile from our house? Really? Come on...
Bacon maple ice cream???? Burnt marshmallow??? Green apple gelato??   WHAT?!?!?!  LOVE this place!
The best massage I've ever had. 30 minutes... well worth it. Massage done by Carl. Highly recommend!
I love this place so much, they have amazing food and amazing service. Really great energy
I ordred skrimp & ribs both cooked to perfection will have to come back again, server funny !
Love love love it. Yoshi is the man. The Beef carpaccio is insane. Highly recommend it.
Cured meats and roasted asparagus are a NO. Oxtail emanadas and gnudi are a YES.
Pretty good, but don't try kongpao chicken, it's nothing like the REAL Chinese kongpao chicken.
Awesome, awe-inspiring, and definitely worth a quick drive from the less rugged parts of Vegas.
Best gas stations eva!
All I have to say is its beautiful. Be sure to take a kick ass camera to capture all the beauty.
Great Little Mexican spot! The green Chili is awesome! You won't be disappointed.
The worst service ever!  There tables available but make us wait for over 30 minutes!
I loved the DD hash. It looks potato based but there's a twist...it isn't :)
Pleasantly surprised. Good service.
Enjoyed finding this place and their amazing a a  bowls.  The service staff is on point.
pls dont go ! chicken is undercook and smelling weird . a very bland food without no taste.
The graveyard crew is amazing. They work hard and are really friendly, which is hard to find at 3am.
Decent pizza and fairly priced.  One of the last pizza places in Dorval.
Great food and fun outdoor dining area with view of the lake.
Great staff, great food! I recommend taking some of it home so you don't get the itis
Best bike shop in town. The staff knows their stuff and the web page is awesome. Give them a try.
Great Office full of amazing people! If you're looking to buy, sell or rent check them out!
Love this place. The service is amazing, and the frozen yogurt superb! Yummy!
Great local place with a huge menu. Only eaten breakfast but it is one of the best in town.
Awesome food! Great tea! Coffee is good if you like a lighter roast with a lot of flavor.
Boom Shakalaka I love This Place. Eaten there over 25 times never had a bad meal. Try it trust me
Great British pub food I felt I was in England
Just average.  Shwarma can be either super greasy or dry.  Service is horrendous.
Faster and easier check-ins for your appointments.
This was an awesome Victoria's secret- great selection, really helpful staff. Very good experience!
This place is delicious! Fried pickles & gourmet burgers .. I mean where can u go wrong??
My favorite store and amazing customer service! I need to check-out the cooking class next!
Killer tortillas for great price ! Get the 15" 50oz tortillas for the double wrap on your burritos.
Overpriced, meat selection good, terrible deserts. I'll never go there again.
Best ramen noodles hands down... reminds of my time in Okinawa, Japan.   Awesome restaurant!
Not cheap but wow are is their stuff good. It's nice when you want to treat yourself.
Awesome food and the service was great.  Getty he ta-va-rue taco you won't be disappointed
delicious food and great atmosphere. wod recpmmend to friends ans coworkers.  Liron Priborkin
Terrible customer service. Especially Irene? I won't waste my time going back again.
Meh overpriced food. I've tried breakfast, lunch and dinner. All meh and overpriced.
Excellent beer selection - one of the only places with cask beer in the city. Food is also good.
Poor service, terrible food, overpriced. Why bother?
We love this place. Go there all the time. They are so sweet and welcome kids :)  a must try!!
Didn't care for it at all. Pizza was below average and the wings looked microwaved ....
Hamachi is KILLER!!! Everything here is top notch. Andre has the best suggestions. A must try spot!!
Chodang is so good!   Kimchi Tofu Soup and Spicy Pork are AMAZING!!!
My favorite lunch spot. Fresh food, amazing fruit, great fries and friendly service!
Update
Ive gone to the moonlite for years. The food is great and the service is friendly.
More of a country style goodwill but its cool had what I need for cheap
Maybe some people like soggy tacos that taste crappy. I would rather eat at Taco Bell.
Yum!  The chimi that ate Nogales is one of our favorites. Also the hatch chili street tacos.
Delicious food and great ambience. Nice to to have a great restaurant like this in North Toronto.
Great food and service. Highly recommend the chicken and waffles. Brunch was awesome!
Oh my gosh the best burger within 50 miles of Cleveland. And I recommend the Lola fries.
Wrote some feedback on Yelp and heard from someone "upstairs" VERY QUICKLY. Extremely impressed...
food is ok. the bathrooms are a wreck during the week. in get your shit together your in the burgh.
Truly a diamond in the rough. The pasta with vodka sauce had my tastebuds jivin' and toes curlin'
Always the nicest people ever. All very hard workers. The chef works very hard and does a great job
We got so much food! Servings sizes are huge. Food was pretty yummy. I liked their orange chicken
I called at 4 and they said they close at 6. I am here at 5:10 and they are closed. My bad
All the food was well made and quite tasty. I enjoy the red sangria. Fun environment too.
One of my favorite restaurants, so much I rented out the place for my wedding 10 years ago.
Food was lackluster. Employees didn't smile or acknowledge. Don't think I'll be back.
After waiting 4 days to get an appointment, Flores was a no show and didn't even bother to call.
Cash only! Great place for homemade food. I particularly enjoy the soup here.
Best Pizza I've had in Toronto. Moved from the Prairies a year ago. Very similar to Regina pizza.
Pork belly sliders..OMG! Yummy. Cool place, great music, awesome beer selection.
Not much to say,  this place is just ideal!   Thanks for always being there,  Xtreme Bean!
4 stars because of the wings, take out service is horrid. Dine in service is worse.
Not much more to say.  It is closest to the Alaska gates and when u need a drink this is the place.
Great service. Great install. Works well with insurance. I'd recommend Glass Now to anybody!
Dropped by  a week ago at the Drive Thru and the line was half way down the back street.
Wonderful date brunch today with Laura Got to share Olivier's cooking Manifique
I always will love frozen yogurt, especially Menchies. Can be a bit pricey, but over all good.
Great coffee shop. always get regular coffee with almond syrup-soooo good))
butter......sugar.......more butter, maybe some marzipan and vanilla.....mmmmmm!
This location always gets my order exactly how I want it! Everyone is great and friendly.
Awesome! Super Fresh,Good Service. Wished they open longer to grab some dinner on my way home
Went for lunch and had 2 rolls and a lunch plate.  Good service and food was very good.
Nice spacious pub, and a real pub not a bar that calls itself a pub.  The fish & chips are good.
great filipino food. friendly staff... great special (TFC special)
Don't waste your time...Arrowhead mall on the other side of town is so much better!
Had the Bob sandwich and a fresh mango mint lemonade. Service was great and food tasted fresh!
Delicious food! Had the Wagyu burger with pretzel bun and kona rub.  Fries were good as well.
Awful Geek Squad service. Very unorganized and they are very slow, disrespectful as well.
It's a decent Harkins location. Nothing bad to say.
Great service and amazing food. Maximum calories per dollar.  Just AWESOME!
Its a subway, good choice of sandwiches and the service is good.   *serves coke products
This place SUCKS! I found hair in my food and was charged for something I didn't order! Never again
I love this place. Aiden is great & does beautiful nails. I come here all the way from Summerlin.
Great little sandwich spot in the middle of a parking lot. They are delicious and done right!
Nice to have a quality pharmacy so close to downtown.  A much needed addition.
Pusadee's is awesome.  Really try to get there in the summer when the garden is in bloom :)
The server was cool,but the food,even it's lunch special and cheap,I can only sigh for it.Sorry.
Jeje
Excellent breakfast, friendly staff, retro atmosphere, best donuts I've found so far.
Called numerous times, but no answer. I then come on yelp and I guess that was a good thing lol
Excellent service, and great atmosphere!   Fun Fun Fun!  Great family safe environment!
This is a great location. The staff is awesome and quick. Who doesn't love a good wing??
Had cashew chicken, coconut princess, and Tom yan soup - all quite good , with good service
Excellent veg options. Full menu, great sushi, not too shabby on price especially during happy hour.
Excellent food and friendly wait staff. Very nice outside area. BBQ as good as it gets.
I go back all the time just for their fried chili turnip cakes. Its better than most places around
Excellent service Excellent food! The vogue mac n  cheese is awesome. So is the Blue Jean Burger. :)
Sheperd's pie and Fish and Chips were AMAZING! ESPECIALLY THE CHIPS!
Joe was very informative about how to keep my house pest free. Glad I found your service!
This place has never let me down.  Fast service, great food and their dipping sauce is amazing.
Ok food. Expensive for what it is. So so service
out of business.  too bad.  they had everything Wish I could find another place like this store
Horrible since they took over.  Raised rates.  Manager s so nosy watching everything,  stay away.
Dolla bill best waiter you could ask for! Good food good drinks. Will definitely be back !
Staff is friendly, food is good.. Great place overall and best of all, near my house!! Lol
Great coffee, warm atmosphere. must go if you are visiting Kingston market!
Just had my shoes repaired here.  Only took two days and the quality is great!
Breakfast is greasy. But, the Chicken Smoker is solid, if not spectacular, airport food.
Nice clean gas station, but it's a bit pricey. Love the Sunday oil change deals.
Crab cake steals the show.  Greens & Beans super appetizer.  Nice wine and beer selection.
Food was overcooked and the service was slow. 15 minutes for a draft beer?   Won't be going back.
All the great reviews are spot on. If you want tinting done right go here. Very friendly folks too!
Great knowledgeable staff taste bud explosion must do when in Phoenix go on weeknight if possible!
New owner(s) ?   Service has really hit bottom.  No return emails, no return phone calls.
Pretty good!  Coconut shrimp and sesame chicken is awesome.  Crab puffs are great too.
Great workout before work.  Love the pace of the circuit training.  Motivating trainers.
Love the sushi. Signature Roll is crazy good!
Best burger in vegas, black and blue cheeseburger. Nuff said
Excellent service. Professional job done, fixing my ipad screen. Highly recommend!
Kids love this place however, bad food and very slow internet connection.
this is not a place for nonsmokers but you can sell life insurance at this place. tons of smokers
Good authentic Mexican food. Service is fast, chips & salsa are great, and the food is pretty good.
Super friendly staff! But my $20.00 chicken fried steak was a huge Debbie Downer! Not worth it ;(
Ordered chicken shawarma and enjoyed it..also have had lamb chops, geeat food and price
Came back to get a full set of gel again by Tiffany, couldn't be more happier :)
Pizza here is Sooo good! I felt like I was in Italy again! Glad it's somewhat a secret
Pressed Cubano, you have to get it, it is Cuban's equivalent (but wayy better) to grilled cheese!
It has a great happy hour and beautiful view. It can get crowded, but the staff is friendly.
Went there after work.  It's so good!
Great custard and some of the rudest employees you'll find anywhere!  We'll never go back!
Not good at all. Not worth the money. Tuesday special ran out when I got there at 8pm. Don't go!
Great cigar shop...very helpful staff and great atmosphere.  Their hand rolled cigars are awesome!!
They are just back!!  So friendly staffs and delicious food-!! Perfect spot for grab and go
The Summerlin store is the greatest. Great personnel and great service. I enjoy shopping there.
Yum Yum yum. Amaze balls. Is tomorrow too soon to come back? Best avocado toast ever!
Passable food; too bad about all the styrofoam packaging!
ramen perfection, eating here made me a better chef
For fast food, I enjoy the veggies and flavors. Simple, healthier options that are tasty.
Amazing service. Amazing people. David is a g-damn rockstar. GO HERE OR REGRET YOUR LIFE.
Ein sehr sch nes Buffet! Eine gro e Auswahl, nette Bedienung und sch nes Ambiente.
Chips and salsa are wowsers! Margaritas are perfect. Flan is smooth, creamy, and deeelicioso.
Over priced. Not very friendly.  The place is A dive.  Better deal some place else !!!
Seriously amazing food and on top of that great service. And definitely get the fried oreos!!!
Awesome and friendly service. Followed MY nail tech Tan and his wife Tina to this nail salon.
Panceas problem!...Call Amini... enough said! Does not get any better.
Very expensive, rude service, and not careful about allergies with food. Beware.
I love this place their always so nice and I just got a free random act of kindness drink
Great selection of fresh fish and they have the most delicious dumplings. A hidden gem.
Mark the sleep expert. Was absolutely amazing. Took the time to show and explain everything to us.
Crazy long wait times at the drive through and 50% of the time they get my order wrong.
Horrible service, food was cold and not  good at all . I will not return nor recommend it.
Great service honest hard working fellas. Would definitely recommend to friends and family
1/2 off wine nights on wednesdays! Be warned the wine bottles are $40-44. Amazing fries!!!
Great food festive enviorment and cheap prices
I had a great experience, and not having to drive all the way to the dealership was an added bonus;)
Love this place! They always offer their "strong" coffee and like it. Great, diverse menu!
Food, wine and atmosphere are fantastic. Great little find to wind down after touring Hoover Dam.
Kevin was able to fix my shattered screen while I waited. Amazing customer service!!!
Best Pho in town, but don't expect a smile...
Canyon Electric Co. is still going strong in Las Vegas NV  702-384-4747
Salad was great and dipping with sweetness.  Was very clean and sanitary.  Would come here again.
Great service, sangria, and even better deep dish pizza.  Can't wait to go back for more!
Such nice place and great job!! Will be returning for sure!! They have great ppl working there!
Great service.   Quality work.  Store and owner have been here 43 years. Experience matters.
Love this place especially on Nat Geo nites!!   Orchestras are awesome events as well :)
loved this place during our trip to Montreal.  Great coffee, pastries, and sandwiches for lunch.
Shelley Mac was the best waitress ever! The food was delicious and our party of 6 was very pleased.
Cosy and warm ambience. Very nice service and excellent food.
Always in the mood for smash burger best juiciest burgers around! Fries are soooo good
great drop in for ballet, jazz, modern, etc.  thanx kevin for making it happen!
Great job. Hubby loved the hot towel and straight razor shave in the back....this is our new spot :)
I've been coming here since they opened. Love the service and location. Vu is a nail God!!
To describe it simple the was good and the taco de asada BOMB would make the drive from Vegas again
There is no better injector in Toronto than Robyn.
Huge portions. Fast friendly service for lunch. Hot, fresh, and quick food delivery. Very pleased.
When it comes to Christmas Story Houses, this one is the best in the biz!
Best Asian/Vietnam food and Pho Soup in East Valley. Clean facilities and friendly staff.
Good guys and the closest to NYC pizza your going to get in Pittsburgh.
Good quality for the smaller size buffet. Good options including pasta bar and deserts.
To Cadillac Fairview, your food courts need wifi.  Without it you are 1 Star'd.
One of the nicest thin crust pizza. Its hidden no frills place but absolutely worth the find...
Please look for LouAnn for your server. Food is great we ordered cajun pasta it was awesome
Texted, sent a picture. No response at all. Bum deal and bad way to manage a business.
unique, delicious choices with plenty of healthy options. Baked brie with fig jam is DELICIOUS!
Food is nice,the service is good,but the music is a little bit too loud .The hotpot must try.
All kinds of good stuff here from soups, salads, sandwiches. Innovative menu, nice people.
Pretty much get what you pay for.  Ask for a Hyundai, they almost always have free satellite radio
Best service in Toronto!  Wayne and his staff are the best
Great baked goat cheese & humour appetizers. Sangria for two was actually enough for three.
Thank you. Lyne for the GREAT service!! Very helpful, got our group all set up and looking sharp!
Cool production/retail space with some solid chocolate.
Love the place, the people (been going to Stacey for years) and most importantly my hair!
This park is superb. Very clean. Open late. Well maintained grass areas. Plenty of parking.
So many different ice cream choices. The sherbets tend to be extremely, extremely creamy.
Long time customer Super competitive pricing  Quality cleaning Fast - in by 7 out by 4!
They margaritas were amazing and huge! The workers were very nice and fast! We will be going back
Love the monkey ball here, it is yummmmmmy!!!! My kids love the California roll and tempera roll.
Service was awesome and the food is always awesome! Been here thrice now and was never disappointed.
Much better than AhiPoki! Crab meat and seaweed are free! Will definitely come back again!
super ambiance. option vegan. toilettes propres. toujours achalande.
Elba is very good at what she is doing. Thank you Elba!!!!!
Great food, super friendly employees and a great vibe, we will be back. Thank you!
Best sub place in the valley. Amazing variety of subsvegetarian selections. Never dissapoints.
Nice lighting for a small lizard cage. The sales person was smart and they have good pricing too.
Never a bad meal and drinks are made perfectly.
When you need tacos and 3am, this is the place to go if you live nearby.
OMG, finally got to see Chris at MA today. Love, love, love him, best hair cut ever!!!!
awesome! tasty and unique approach to an old favourite
You will miss out if you pass up on the Red Velvet pancakes!!!!
Delicious food but a little pricey.  None the less, still glad it's in my neighborhood.
Love this place!  The chocolate coconut yogurt is my favorite! Huge variety of toppings!
Ok, had the burgers...Awesome! Onion rings? Great! Smoothies? Actually made with fresh fruit!! Yay!
They had a good selection and prices were okay. Not much to say...they are out of business now.
Great food and friendly service  Excellent neighbourhood resto, really worth the visit.
Outstanding food, ambiance, and service... just not sure it was worth the price tag.
Delicious sandwiches. Shrimp po boy is my go-to option. Owner is a no-nonsense super friendly dude.
The best sushi place for me by far in the northside. Hope you guys get to try this place out.
Very small and cramped place fish wasn't very fresh and wasn't very impressed by any of there rolls
Amazing!!!!!!! I think I peed a little going up the mountain though!  100% recommend!
Awesome food, homemade chips and bread.. nice interior.. friendly service
Meh, overpriced for what I got. Food was bland. I was very hopeful.
They were so nice and polite.even offered lolli pop to my kid !
We love Andy! Super friendly, attentive & genuine!  Will definitely be back because of him!
Spicy pork/kimchi soup  BBQ Ribs  Spicy mozzarella chicken  Kimchi pancakes
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite patios in Toronto.
We had the Sicilian pizza and spaghetti calzone. Good stuff! Their cannoli was delicious too!
Please don't come here. They're thieves, and they steal from their customers. It's not worth it.
got food poisoninng and the beer is ok
14.95 for AYCE lunch. Guaranteed to return. I love the banana roll.
Name brands and styles in decent shape for great price
So awesome! And Jennifer is a super cool waitress. She is so funny.
The best location I have visited. Great food and great cusotmer service.
Yuck! what happen to hair nets?!  gross!!!!!!
The banh Mi is ok to my taste...but I love the desserts...
Delicious food, great fried rice in a stone pot. great place. Music is slightly loud, but bearable.
This place was ok.  Good service. Wings are good.  Bit overpriced though in my opinion.
My wife and I had lunch there today.  The food was great and everyone was extremely friendly.
Great Greek food coming from. Sri Lanka guys who cook them, meat is perfect !
It was a little over rated for me. The chocolate covered strawberries were amazing, though.
Your typical big chain book store.  Cute desk accessories.
I love their Adobo Fried Rice Omelet.
Great kungpao vegs!
They fix your tires.
Unique and yummy! Interesting options and quaint little venue. Owner is very nice and accessible.
great job, fast service and did a repair for free after 2 years. good guys
Fresh paninis and the tomato salad was great . I had the chicken club and all fresh ingredients
Bar was fun but the food sucked!
It's good if you're a poor hungry student  Lineups are long. Staff is rude. Food is okay. Enjoy.
Great food, friendly atmosphere, the carrot cake is to excellent must try event if you're full.
Awesome work done!! highly recomend! a bit on the pricy side thou..
Very good and great portions too. We are regular guests. Everyone is very friendly and working fast.
Ask for Peter! Definitely coming back to see him, he does your nails exactly to your liking!!
The OMG burger & fish tacos were awesome! Great place to spend a few hours...recommend a cabana!
Decent place with good music.
Awesome food! Best place in NC so far for a solid breakfast/brunch. Service was quick and helpful.
His first meal as a civilian from the US Marines is Chipotle.  My son loves this food.
Another great day getting my nails done!
Love Mike. Helpful and informative. Very gentle ... totally would recommend to friends.
Very good biryani. Would recommend to give it a try if you are new to Indian cuisine.
Such a cute little cafe! Amazing customer service and the best biscuits and gravy I've ever eaten.
Shout out to Mississippi Marci!  Best service we had in Vegas.
#5 pork sandwich, YUM! Bring cash and an appetite.
Lemonade- goes perfect with this Vegas heat.
Great Job! Was in and out ... twenty minutes... patched my tire...  bob P
Killer food! Great service.  If you are in Vegas you need to stop by and try this place!
Excellent sushi, nice employees and fast delivery!  Great place!
Menu is comprehensive. Atmosphere intimate and quiet. Service pleasant.
Bright and fun on the inside. Food was good. Service was friendly and on the spot.
Great little family restaurant if you are looking for a quick casual meal.
The ham and cheese and the prosciutto and pickle sandwiches are amazing!
Love the food here. Casual and cozy. Waitress is super sweet and remembers our orders
I love this place. Always go there and I always feel like family. The girls are all very sweet.
Great food, small portion for the price.
Pretty much worthless as far as I am concerned.  Nothing but lip service and little action.
Cozy alfresco dining, excellent service, extensive wine list, great appetizers and meal selections
Hot, delicious Mexican food! Love this little joint !
great food, atmosphere and oh the service from the waiters, outstanding!!
Food is amazing! Staff is super friendly !! Highly recommend! Pretty kickass place!!!
All around good place to stop for a bite. Reasonable prices and quality food.
great atmosphere, food and drinks. would recommend
Gone downhill....pho full of fat chunks and a tiny bit of beef...C'mon Saigon Pho, up your game!
This is the greasiest pizza I've ever had in Pittsburgh, I couldn't eat it.
Amazing food and a great selection of drinks! Also the staff is extremely friendly and helpful!
Great american chinese food for the price!
It's been way too long! They've finally added a spicy tonkotsu, which is super bomb!
Dr. Mitchell and the office staff are fabulous! Excellent care.
Wow!  Toro is incredible. Tis the we to be happy. I highly recommend the black seasme roll.
Great island grub, the only problem is the neighborhood. It's gangster central.
Decent, consistent Mexican food!
Had business lunch recently. Service was a little slow but food was good. Willing to try again.
Sweetest people caring and beautifying my fur babies.   Couldn't ask for better service!!!!
Best buffet I have ever seen better than  fancy  restaurant
This place is unprofessional and they do shitty work. Don't do it , it's a bad idea...
The food is atrocious, the owners have no idea how to run a restaurant! AVOID THIS PLACE!
Average take out pizza. Too salty and bad for your HTN. Still ranks better than your usual chains.
This place is amazing! Helped me out with a phone for a great price, I got everything I needed here!
Can't beat the $5 movie Tuesday. The seats are nice they play current movies. No complaints here.
Tacky as all hell. Salad surprisingly good. I'm a biker chick.
- Overrated - Expensive - Hipsters  Three strikes and you're out, Caffe Paradiso.
Easily one of the best in town. It's a little pricey but once you try the food you know why.
This place is the bomb!!! Service, food, and ambience is excellent!!! We had a great time!!!
Delicious and so good.  Bomb food. A must go.  The people are super nice and very fast.
I been to many groomers and I finally find the best one.she does such a good job my dogs loves her:)
Shop often for good deals!  Lots of variety and original pieces.  All going toward a great cause!
Good food, great service (thank you Elyssa!) and an exceptional view.
Gion is the supervisor. And she is AMAZING. great food and they honor Veterans Day also.
Excellent food! Stopped here on the way through town. Beef Paddy and Fried Plantains FTW.
This place hires the most rudest unhelpful people (parts dept.) I have ever dealt with, period!
Very nice cigar lounge! A bit old school, rustic. Small humidor. Staff is very friendly.
I love the Giving Back philosophy that they have!  A very thoughtful and generous company.
I trust this crematorium.  I love the staff.  It makes it a little easier to say goodbye.
Great steak. Assorted menu. Not to mention the best bloody caesar in town!
The Sisley counter never has anything in stock and the sales associates always have colds.
Their red and green enchilada sauces are kick ass!
Pretty average. Flavor was a bit flat. Tried a lot of different tacos too (and multiple days)
do not buy an expensive guitar from here! they sold be a gibson with a bad truss rod!
Great patio, food, beer selection and service staff.
Good luck finding better wings anywhere on the planet. I tried!
Decent food with a fair price, nice and roomy inside the tavern
Eric is our favorite we always come back here. It's great time and fast friendly service!
Amazing sandwiches and very nice employees. What a great Cleveland find for our sisters weekend.
Favorite Mexican resturant been going for 20 years, has the best salsa and great service.
Nice employees and great pizza. 7-5-2018 Daughter loved making her own pizza! Will be back again.
Crazy fast, delicious, came up to the window of my car and made me cry.  Good overall
Had a green tea and a triple berry scone good Stuff plus like always great service love this place
Good food. Staff are friendly. I often order the tacos salad, husband likes their tacos.
I've been getting my nails done here for over year. Great service! Never been disappointed!
Made to order! So fresh and good! Especially the lemon ones and the owner was really nice !
J'ai h te de faire une autre visite
Great tint shop! Staff was friendly,  fast and very knowledgeable! Keep up the great work Precision!
George did a great job!  My carpets are happy!  Thanks George!
Get there early. Order extra for the week. The fried dumplings, skewers and pad Thai are awesome.
Beautiful location, friendly staff, subpar service, overly chatty aestheticians.
Great place for breakfast.   Good portion  Quick service.   Fresh coffee. Friendly staff
Beyond Best of the BEST with flying numbers Wally's will pass any TEST  Cheers, Ray
Tout est bon, la poutine, les hot-dogs et les hamburgers.
Had a great meal. A bit on the pricey side, but delicious none the less. Good food, good service.
One of my favorite places in Yorkville. Good for a lunch or a casual dinner.
Food is very good, quick and friendly serving. Cleanliness is a bit of an issue at the bathrooms..
Great little place! A bowl of pho makes the world a little brighter. Customer service is excellent.
Love this place and selection of vehicles they have! The staff is super nice and helpful
Nice Place, real goos service, internet is too slow
Nothing fancy about the food, very nice place and clean, but the food is an upgraded Golden Corral.
Superficial at its finest.
Excellent fresh food. Served quickly. Great service with a smile. Will definitely be back
Had a great time in Therapy tonight. Dedinetly get the Downtown Manhattan so delicous and smooth!
We've eaten inside and ordered take out from here. Small and intimate. Great food and sushi.
White Chocolate Mousse will be returning July 4th.  Upgrading to 4 stars.
By far my favorite Japanese/Sushi restaurant in Phoenix!
Best breakfast I think I've ever had.  Unreal food, served piping hot.
absolutely wonderful place. Love the service, and massage was awesome too!
This is, in fact, generally my Plan B... when Bily Kun is full.   Solid enough place.
C'est le summum du mauvais go t.  Bad taste
Romi loves her Tailwaggers Club.  Thank you for making her grooming experience comfortable.
Do not go here! Their car wash chipped the paint on the hood of my car in multiple spots.
It was ok. I guess I expected a little more meat. Fries were go though and my kids loved it.
Lovely food! Comfortable atmosphere and great place to chill with friends!
Had the shiyu ramen with a side...brilliant and the broth was perfect...couldn't as for more!
Real imagination and creativity. Love the Peche Mortel.
This place has so many exotic flavors. Really good ice cream and other things are available!
I go to Hada to get hydra facials with Alison. She is excellent!
Bret did a great job on my Nissan Leaf - On time, professional and looks great! Thanks Bret!  -Dave
Owners were very nice and social. The food was uber delicious. Lots of seats. Will be back again !
Great park with a literary theme nestled in the bustling city area.
Had a GREAT ROOM, super clean, quiet - Nice breakfast....see you again !
Our new go to place!   Very enjoyable (even for guys). Commendable service. Will definitely be back!
Excellent service and great food every time we come in. Nice patio deck that overlooks the lake.
Great place for a date thanks to the showy drinks and dim lighting. Sit close and share.
Decent food, but the place is rather small and gets crowded especially during lunch time.
Jim here rocks! I am on number 2 from him. Only artist that I have ben back to more then once.
The staff at this location is extremely rude. Will stick to the other Freshii locations downtown!
Dana is absolutley amazing! She takes her time and the ending look is always just what I want :)
This place is a hidden gem where you can get the best cheap pizza you will ever have in Toronto
Took my car to check the suspension very pleased  Friendly people and honest  Highly recommend
It's fresh, healthy and delicious. Great compliment to the area. The tatziki dip is to die for.
This is my favorite Thai place in town. Don't forget to check in for the free Thai tea.
My first time and my turkey, ham and cheddar sandwich is very very tasty!  I will come here again.
Had the Southside sandwich for lunch. Served up fast and friendly! Will be back, soon!
It's our go to place for quick Chinese food. Still locally owned, quick, easy, and pretty good.
Good food, quick service. Lettuce wraps are a favorite. We will definitely come back again.
Flew in for my sons orientation at ASU and stopped for wings. These are the best wings ever!!!!!
Pretty good. Icecream is of course good but every now and then it's freezer burned. Yuck!
5 stars, great food, great service. Perfect for a romantic / casual night.  Will be back!
I love this place! For long beautiful nails I recommend Dustin or James you won't be disappointed!
I love old town, whether it's fine dining or a night out! Check out their Facebook page for events!
Fun atmosphere and yummy Japanese food.  Nom.. nom.. nom.
Phenomenal!!!  Chipotle chicken sandwich is a hit!!!  White chocolate frap is just.... Perfect.
Very tasty breakfast. Not the nicest decor - kind of a divey diner.
Great food and great Server!! Tara was friendly and prompt!  Will definitely come back
My favorite place to eat.  The food is healthy and delicious.  They are very warm and friendly!
Best Thai takeout in Toronto!  Highly recommend the Pad Thai, Beef Satay, and Green Curry Chicken
This the most gross place I have ever been the food sucks and I will never come back!
The critics have gone too far without realizing the pottential of this restaurent....
Love the prices here!!! Simple. In & out. Taste of the wild is my pups favorite choice!!
Soooo good!! Try the chicken masala fried rice and the lollipop chicken!!
Never again. Double prices of comps.  Visit Vegas often and this is exceeding insanity.
Spacious caf  that is quiet on the weekend. Swift service and reliable food.
great fish great sandwiches. no funny business. can't go wrong with freshly cooked fish.
Huge place nice Music,the Food was Not bad
Trish the Dish cuts a mean ass haircut.  Doooo eeeeeet
Way better places to grab a beer in town. Their beer is subpar, at best.
L'endroit id al pour un rendez-vous d'affaire ou pour  tudier... le tout autour d'un bon caf !
Delicious Chinese food!  And reasonably priced.
Got measured and 2 shirts picked out in less than 5 minutes. That's my kinda shopping, nicely done.
Quick delivery. Tasty Pizza and wings. Budget price. We will call again.
I will never refer anyone to this office again. Good luck if you choose the West Charleston location
I love these guys. The quality of service is second to none and the work is excellent. Bravo!
A little slow and not as good as the other ones  Note it was not busily either  Frys were cold
I was super pleased with their service. They were quick and inexpensive! Highly recommend!
This place is the worst! Bag was under and was so dry it turned to dust! Zero stars...
A bunch of solid dudes giving great cuts. Bring cash and don't forget to pickup some merch!
Try time limited sangria flavor where they put a full bottle of red wine to make!
Fresh, reminds me of Johnny Rockets.  Nothing spectacular but definitely good food for low prices.
Love the Ahi Tuna burgers -  cannot forget to mention those garlic fries.
Good food ordered the flame broiled cheese burger with fries and the guacamole BLT. Delicious!
Ice cream was soft and not creamy like it used to be. Way over priced
The worst massage! They c an't be licensed, NO WAY!  I prepaid $110 for 90 min It was horrible.
This place is filthy. I don't understand how they can stay in business. Disgusting... Never again
Great food, great staff, great selection of coffee and espresso drinks. Pleasant yelp find!
Lots of healthy veg options. So good to have this up in north Scottsdale! I will be back!
Extremely good food and excellent service.  Highly recommended.
Loved their pizza.  Prices are not cheap.  But is it worth the price....uhm yes!  Go there today.
3 hour wait for christmas dinner but worth it food and service good
Spectacular views and invigorating cocktails!  What a great way to kick off your evening!
Vraiment un tr s bon choix de restaurants tha  authentique. Bon service et bonne ambiance.
Awesomely incredible experience! Hands down one of the best Halloween attractions I've ever been to!
Excellent! Small but tasty portions. Very good Pinot Noir by the glass. Great service.
This place is awesome. Great service and super convenient. Also it tastes soooo good.
Bulletproof coffee and fresh veggie juice under one roof...total win
Great noodle place especially when hungry late at night.
They changed their menu. There is nothing vegan here anymore. If you're vegan don't bother.
We've gone here for many of our relationship milestones. I wish we hadn't.
Great food and super awesome drinks! Fun place to enjoy in the evening with friends or a date.
I must say the pulpio was amazing. This is truly a hidden gem ! Bravo too Alex taylor and his crew
Good ambiance, great prices! The waiters are super nice with their kilts :D
Drop off wifeys jetta this morning oil change brake fluid flush all good fast service thxs
closest thing to a New York pizza! just the plain pepperoni was delicious!!
I had the best cookie ever. Peanut Butter Butterscotch! OMG. I wish I could order them online!
Awesome if your craving pizza. Best on the strip. BUT you have to find it yourself. Well worth it!!!
My favorite Hawaiian food place in Vegas  Must try the mix plate it's a lot of food!!
Amazing view and good food! Nice view of tempe and Phoenix. Looking forward to coming back .
This is by far the cleanest subway I've been to. They were very nice and knew what they were doing.
Great food and great beer. The family and I have gone multiple times and everyone is always happy.
  venir. To come
Awesome menu!!! A lot of variety, reasonable prices, fresh spices and a lot of flavour!!!
I love time out it is super fun and my best friend pricilla is the best bartender in Vegas
Team Johnson #21 Michael Turner the burner baby!  lots of stairs
My mom, dad, husbamd and son have seen Dr Nouneh. He is very kind and compassionate- thank you!
Excellent food. Quick takeout. One of the better chinese places in Elizabeth/midtown area.
Well, they must not need any new business. left a message 2 days ago, no response.
Meat eater here that loves apiecalypse now - we stop in anytime we are in town. Thanks guys!
Ask for Vlora, she has such a bright, fun personality! Love the GF and vegetarian options available!
I've been coming here since they opened 5 years ago, this is my favorite downtown casino!
Horrible!! Brittney Johnson is a scammer and a lier do not go to or do any business with Dotty's!!
So Nicole was ridiculously amazing... Good personality and attentive .. Great new place
Yumm is all I got to say! Quick and tasty somewhat authentic!
Eric is a great service adviser who was able to get my vehicle repaired and back on the road quickly
Drive thru entrance is a little hard to find, it's behind Bank of America.
Very fine dining. Pricey. Exceptional service. Prime rib was really g od. Definitely will come back.
Amaizing place to celebrate or have a date! I loved the burger and the IPA beer!
Love Smash burger. Great food great service awesome. Highly recommend this restaurant.
First time and loved this place in hooked you get what you paid for I will be coming back
Delicious food! Great comfort Filipino food! I will always return to this place.
Great Neighborhood place. The Girls and guys working there are highly recommend. Efren
I enjoy all the delicious  food this place offers. Great quality plates.  Can't wait to go again.
This place is really good. Awesome BBQ. A little pricey though.
Bel endroit, bons vins, bons plats + bonnes charcuteries ! J'y retournerai !
Good food. Pizza is nice just would prefer forest veggies not canned on my pizza
excellent samosas  never tried anything else
As a Yonkers, NY native, I am happy to have found Bambinos.  Everything is amazing.
They were nice and polite and did a great job. Pricing was decent and it was worth the drive.
Amazing French Cafe, great coffee and pastries.  Also can't beat the breakfast sandwiches!!
VERY FRIENDLY!  The job was effective... thanks Provisions.
Looks like a long line but it goes fast.  Great place for breakfast with the family.
This is the best Mediterranean restaurant I've been to. The koobideh was fantastic.
The best restaurant in Gilbert.  Period.  If you have kids there is no where else better.
I love this place!! It's a good alternative to fast, unhealthy food. Their salads are amazing!
Yum! I love their meatball sandwich and my husband likes to get the one with brisket.
Emily did mine, im super picky and i loved them she was a sweethesrt gentle and  i adore my nails
Best chicken wings hands down. Fast service. Great happy hour specials. Who cant beat this?
Small selection. Rude staff seemingly with no knowledge of or interest in gardening.
Nothing different. Easy. Come here a lot cuz kids eat free.
Rudest Manager Mary! She has the customer service skills of a shoe!  Shame on you Mary!
Service was rushed when the establishment wasn't busy at all and the food lacked any flavor.
I didn't recommend this place. Over priced, choices are less and not fresh at all. Don't go!
I'm  a seafood lover and  This place is amazing.  Had great drinks food & fun
reasonable price for a uniform store. think it is $15 for my girl school polo's
Unprofessional at best. Mangers was rude. This place is the king of unprofessionalism
It served it's purpose but the bus was really cramped and there was no AC on the bus
Candice and Michael are amazing!! Most def my favorite bar tenders!!!! Coming back for sure
No, no, no, no!!!
They called me after I filled out a survey and refunded my money, which I am grateful for.
They have all kinds of foods and ingredients for veganista!
Excellent and very clean food.  Definitely the best Indian food in town.  Highly recommended!!
"Freako Suave" still works here but their food quality has upped consistently since my last visit!
Great music, fun crowd and awesome service! Outside a fooler. Unique; a must "go to".
The pie is tasty and fresh.  Plus, there are so many types to choose from.  Excellent.
Their customer service is the worst. Really disappointed on our experience building our first home.
My favorite Thai restaurant in town! Great lunch menu! The atmosphere and decor is awesome too
Nice patio, but the worst service I've had in awhile, unfriendly. Food is average.
Great place to run and meet up with friends, just don't go at night.
Lee's sandwich in AZ has very limited selection of snacks. The ice coffee is good though.
Went to the West Sahara location. A set of 3 inserts. $339 for each pair! Enough said..
Cindy is excellent! She does the best pink and whites in the area.
Amazing food!!! Each plate decorated as a state of the art!
The delivery service is fast and convenient and the dishes remind me of Greece! Try it!
Island Flavor is the Best for your Hawaiian Local food in Vegas!!! Quality & Quantity!!
The WORSE experience ever...writing upper management as soon as I get home...three hours of hell
Delicious and cheap donuts.  So wonderful when you luck out and get warm donut holes.
Kim was so friendly and she did a great job on my gel mani/pedi :)  I'll be back to visit soon!
This place has really good vegan Thai food, I highly recommend #42 Garlic eggplant! Nice atmosphere
We always love this place!!! It's a small and cozy environment and the food is fresh and delicious!!
Amazing homemade tacos at a reasonable price. Service was great, nice little hidden gem.
Planning on watching the milw brewers soon! It is nice and small and fun to go watch the game.
This place is great! Every instructor helps you learn the proper technique for kickboxing!
I think their food is nothing special.  In fact, I'd prefer iHop.
such delicious icecream. had bailey's irish cream. i'll be back for more
These people are not above physical violence. Avoid at all costs.
Terrible customer service, they're never bring the rest of the food and still charge it...
Great food. Always looking for a good breakfast place. Atmosphere is relaxed and food is good.
Pour les amateurs de caf , le noble vos vraiment le d tour ! Je recommande fortement !
Kenny is a great nail technician. I enjoy quick and thorough treatments while enjoying Food Network.
Awesome place ... Best movie theater I've seen so far
Love this place!  Friendly, clean and close to home! Beats the Golden Arches any day!!
Bery authentic! The shawarma is so good! I get the plate every time and the spices are just right!
Rude rude rude service. ONE guy was nice, that's sad. We will choose another location in the future.
I have officially waited too long for someone to pour soup into a cup and hand it to me.
Certainly, one of the best Thai food I had. Prices are reasonable and service is great.
I love the service at this nail salon. Jamie gives me best mani/pedi I've ever had.
Delicious and very filling dumplings.  The fried rice is not bad either.  Hot and sour soup is fine.
This place is so much fun when the piano guys know what they are doing :):) good job Matt and Chris!
One of the Best Restaurants in DT Phoenix. The food is always fantastic no matter what you order.
Great food - fresh and delicious - great for the whole family with different food preferences.
Waited in line for 30 minutes at the drive through to have a messed up order and cold food.
Great place to check out, but after the 4th or 5th time going you get sick of the same menu items.
Very good sashimi and sushi. Fish is fresh, very fresh. Good quality and price is fair.
Good, quick, cheap.  Marked down only because of the permanent hackey sack pack in front.
Worth the find, super friendly, Super good, super thin New York style pizza! Highly recommended!
Cute girls, great rewards program, and of course - a pretty good selection of da stuffs.
the food is great the service is great i give it a 5 star ill be back for sure everything is fresh
Soooooo delish! Love the authentic look, love the super friendly staff, love love love,,,
Great for kids... Trampolines galore.. Kinda pricey
Instead of Barber Willy Classic Barber Shop, it should be called Barber Willy Racist Barber Shop.
Honest locksmith and on time. Joey is really the king key! Really happy with his service...
So flavorful and fresh plus great service!
i've used mark sherman for years, and he's great at saving taxes.
Best fish tacos in town. If margaritas are your thing- it's a one and done kinda thing. V good.
Awesome pretzel bites. Good beer selection. Friendly bartenders. Worth the stop will be back
Place is a great find off the strip! Amazing food and friendly people.
These guys suck. They call you a week before your vacation to cancel it. Stay away!
The hot and sour soup is very good. Mongolian beef was good also.  Very good service.
Always fast friendly service, good food at acceptable prices. Recommend it!
Really solid food, quality ingredients, very accommodating for large groups.
Seems a lot of negative reviews were removed. The place from the looks of it is falling apart!
Meilleurs cotes lev es de St-Sauveur.
Good food! Kinda loud with the table TVs though.Garlic knots are awesome!
I enjoy this little place.  I think a lot of other people are too!! Packed this morning.
Place great to eat and laugh. Love coming any night of week. Tacos 1.25$. That's good food here
Had the Steak FaJita Salad. It was great. Coldest beer that hit he spot. Megan is always the best.
Awesome place great owner. Tom cut my hair and did a great job. A hidden gem in the City.
Average food with an average menu
Best car buying experience ever. Ask for Ronald Russo!
another fabulous manicure. So much fun. Won't go anywhere else!!!
Great food, beautiful scenery, great selections, and amazing selections- never a disappointment!
This is a fantastic place for going with kids, great atmosphere and food!
As great as any Papa John's! Thanks for sponsoring our Teacher Appreciation Week.
Great Ramen...small menu, but just how I like it. Great service...what else do you need!
Awesome staff and sushi!!  Great prices..Happy hour all day..good presentation!
Slightly above average McDonalds. Large open seating. Clean and fast friendly service.
Great store.   Danielle was very friendly.    Thanks for letting us play with the ferrits .
Great food and service. Had lunch buffet here. Carlos is best. Will be back when visit Vegas again.
PV Pain specialists (Dr. Wang) rule!
No card option, just coins.  Two of the stalls were inoperable (coins jammed and stuck into slots).
Great place and energy, specially Kate gave us extremely nice service, polite and helpful.
Amazing! professional and courteous.  Nobody enjoys going to the dentist but this was a pleasure.
The best burger spot in Phoenix area. I need to come here at least once when in town.
Beautiful, epic, and so much land to explore!
one of Ahwatukee's best  Love this place - try the BLTa
Loved the spray tan! Terri was so fun, and made me feel so comfortable. I wish he was in my state!!
Very kind staff and service! Manager Kevin was helpful in person and on the phone.
Amazing food and fantastic service.  I love this place.  Very consistent and delicious
Very poor service! my windshield lifted off on the freeway   Causing multiple collisions behind me .
Fast friendly and efficient service! Changed my worn out broken door handle quick! Great job Carmon!
Friendly staff, awesome lunch specials, delicious pizza!
Do not eat here. The food takes forever and is always cold. And the customer service is horrible
FYI: This hotel is now CLOSED and being turned into Condos.
Fast service good food for the price. I love the grilled chicken sandwich , I will be back.
Yummy food and nice guys making it
harassing auto glass sales calls don't give them your number ever
Great machaca burrito! Fresh ingredients, friendly staff, great prices! Yummmmmmmmmmmyyy!
restaurant is gorgeous. someone say date night. pizza is awesome and amazing customer service.
Great service! Great food!  I had a their sea bass entree.
Great little pizza joint! Great location, very friendly staff? I highly recommend it!
I usually go to this place and experience decent customer service. Staff is friendly.
Fabulas great service with a smile. And good fresh food always donut clerks exceed my expectations
good location, delicious, fast, reasonable price, nice service, nice ambiance, funny name
Great service and delicious food! They also have many options. The employees are very kind as well!
Veggie tempura roll is the freaking bomb! Oshinko roll is also awesome! Love this place
Been a couple times and besides it being packed at lunch the food and people were great!
Excellent coffee beverages and food.
Incredible dishes (high prices). Friendly people. Too dark lighting though for a restaurant.
Just go to the BBB website, and read the complaints,  These guys are involved in some  shady stuff.
Visited Mod Pizza yesterday. So good, came back the next day.  Awesome food and service!
Very clean and helpful staff love the guy that is at the door be so kind had helpful.
Used the groupon. I walked in and they did my eyebrows right away! Very happy with the service.
Great place to party for any type of crowd! The venue is set up beautifully!!!!
Love the Joint.. No wait time and all the doctors and staff are always friendly and nice..
Their buckwheat crepes are fantastic  - huge and delicious. You  won't leave this place hungry!
Best Mexican food in Arizona. The owner, Bart, is also a local character and worth getting to know.
Absolutely outstanding!  As good as the best in Florence, Italy
It was sub par.  Expected better after reading these reviews.  I'd rather get Pizza Hut.
Great place  There are nice veggie options. Would love to see some new vegetarian dishes.
love the goat cheese pizzas! Open super late, and sometimes a long line. Not so secret
First time, 10 min before close, everything was fresh & delicious! Friendly customer service
The lunch buffet was amazing and staff was extremely friendly! Will definitely be back again!!!
Pretty much the pregnant teenager's mall .Merchandise is so-so. Not worth the effort.
Wonderful venue, excellent wine selections, great food!
My favorite Mexican place. The prices are low and the margaritas are cold and always the special!!
Great food, great price, great service. Nice place to start the day in the hood on a cold rainy day.
always nice service.... nice workers, cheap propane, GREAT ICECREAM!!! Spooky at night.
Excellent service ,professional jobs,  Quick response fair price I definitely use them again
Great prices.  Got lunch here while my var was being worked on. Rolls were on point.  Tasty.
Terrible leadership. Joke of a department. Wish I could give them zero stars.
Was upset when this place closed at the mall... So glad to have it reopen with an expanded menu!
Buffalo chicken sandwich was superb, service excellent. Wife loved her veggie pizza.
Sushi was good. Nothing to write home about and the service was mediocre.
Soooo yummy. I love their egg rolls and they have real actual duck sauce like in New York :)
goooooodness gracious !!! I don't remeber the last time I ate something SOOOOO good!!!
I was disappointed and underwhelmed from the pizza. Was it bad? No. Was it great? Definitely no.
Very clean service station! But nearly impossible to get propane, and the vacuums suck.
Great, fresh sushi. Nice staff, quick service.
Service was amazing. Sushi was fresh and unique. Best spot I've been to in scottsdale.
bad, assaulted by staff and owners for asking for water, never will come again horrible service
Terrible pizza, terrible service. This place will not be open long!
Overpriced. Selection wasn't very good. Lots of other places I'd go before coming here.
Highly recommend. They did a great job with my Airedale.
Great atmosphere and the chopped salad was delicious!!  I will definitely return!
Prices are good and moderate and that Sugar Cane Drink is So Goood..
What a cute place.  The food was good.  Had a girls day out here.  Manager was very attentive.
Frequent for breakfast !! Always on point with great food and most importantly great service !!
Food was OK, just OK!  Service was horrible.  If you get Victor as a waiter, run, run away!!!
Tara is an great bartender, and these drinks are excellent! Definitely worth checking out!
Usually not a thin pizza fan but this might convert me. Awesome pie.
Was not all that impressed.  I have hade better chicken strips from a bar
I've been going here for several years. Everyone is great . Paula is awesome . Very clean place .
This place has great pizza and some good deserts. I wouldn't go here for sandwiches though.
There is no excuse for your food coming out cold/lukewarm.   Grossed me out.
Gluten-Free fast food! Good quality and good price. I love having a quick, tasty option.
I went late last night for a pedicure, and I loved it. Very friendly and they did a great job
Just got my work truck serviced, quick and easy, I prefer this location over others I have been to.
The food is fresh and perfectly grilled.  Lebanese wine & beer is very tasty and smooth!
This place is awesome. Food is good and service is excellent. The manager was on point
Its a very awesome place with great food and service . She changed the time from 11-6 to 11 - 8
Great place! Must try yellowtail too!
Friendly and welcoming staff. my lashes always come out perfect. Ask for Harmony she's great =)
Fairmount picks up and delivers my cleaning. Quality work. A little higher priced but worth it.
Custard is amazing!!!!
I didnt know they changed to flaming kitchen.  very clean place. but open very late.
Great gourmet tacos, great salsa bar, and huge portions!  Was hoping for better street tacos though.
This place is super! The tasty bread and soup always cures my hangovers!!!
Great place! love going there !  Nicole has been awesome to our table, the best in oldtown.
Very good food! In town visiting from the USA, loved this place. The atmosphere was terrific!
Seriously the shittiest service ive EVER had. Better off getting food from a dumpster.
I like their Latti drinks. My favorite is Royal Thai. My only complaint is they use so much ice.
Atmosphere is nice and chill. Food is great! Definitely my spot go when I'm home sick!
Chickens so goood! and crispy!  even my mama likes it!
One of only a handful of "must try" restaurants in the Pitt.  This place is tits.
Love this place. I make my sister take me here every time I'm in town visiting her.
Thanks to felix at chapman ford i got my dream car for a a killer deal thank you all!!!
OK place,  was overpriced and small portions,  not much more to say
Love the pink martini.   The band was great and had a lot of fun.   Can't wait to go again.
Great food and coffee. I like that they can replace regular milk with almond milk .
I purchased some affordable and high-quality lights for my bike there! It's an awesome shop!
They will rip you off and do services you didn't approve/need. Don't go!!!! You will regret it
Nicer than I expected. Great place for trivia. Very good fries.
This is the best Library I have ever been to. The first time I step in I thought it was a bookstore.
Wow, great service, great pizza and sandwiches, we love this place.  Definitely give them a try!
Best coffee in Parkdale!   The staff always remember your order   Great music   Always cozy
Brittany crushed it behind the bar. Queso is great & beer is cold!   I'll be back someday.
The BARBEQUE BABY BACK RIBS were a tasty surprise! Hands down the best bbq around.
They are CLOSED!!
Horrible service good took over 2 hours to get delivered.
yk
:)
Awesome service , drinks and top shelf menu selections!! Great atmosphere for every day of the week!
Great place. Convenient, and takes appointments on short notice. Very happy with my cut.
My favorite breakfast place in the entire state of Arizona!!
Great burger selection and quality. Allows you to customize your own burgers as well.
NO INDOOR SITTING. Good poutine and good choices. Open late too.
This place is over priced and will not come down. The truck we looked at was 4000 over blue book.
Prompt service! Knowledgeable crew. Not pushy about extras like some. Highly recommend.
Best Mexican food in AZ. Good price and great taste.
Bone in rib eye is large the F17 sauce is marginable
Definitely the BEST chicken strips, fries, garlic toast, coleslaw and SWEET TEA!!!!! Hands down.
Nom nom nom nom nom!!!  Why are wasting time reading this on Yelp??? Just go! Order the RFC!
My wife and I come here a lot. Delicious food and plenty of it.
Great staff, and the shogun roll was delicious. This place made a great impression on Vegas sushi!
I've been coming here since I was a little kid. Food, staff, and environment is amazing!
30 dollar cover, 10 dollar beer, 12 dollar shots of patron.  Dancing in the water - priceless.
Jetton Park is clean, nice, and has good trails. Great place to have a picnic.
Beds are comfortable. We got clean rooms. Pet are welcome. We were very happy with this place.
Sunday Sauce.... Enough said! Oh and try the meatballs...
We ordered the tasting menu for two. All dishes were excellently prepared. Service was fantastic.
Always helpful and polite and it's like getting in a brand new car every time I have it cleaned.
Great atmosphere, amazing service, and superior food. We will definitely come back with friends.
This is definitely one of the best Indian restaurants in town!  The garlic naan is on point!
Really friendly guy named Jimmy helped me. I got 2 new tires & was in & out in 20 minutes.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food went well. Fun place to hang out and grab some drinks.
Would have taken a photo but i ate it!!!!the Connecticut is delicious!!! Really good sandwich!!!
The king caesar with any smoothie for ten bucks!!  I love this deal.  I eat it weekly!!!
Excellent Authentic Indian food!!Very good service & nice ambiance..
Insider's guide to Las Vegas, baby. & Amazing coupon offers. No brainer here.
Some times there's a bit of a line but good service and what can you say, it's dairy queen!
This is a great neighborhood deli and the people are very friendly along with great food.
Awesome place.  Laulau's are good and moist.
Nice place to chillout with the perfect batch of friends.
Easy to use, friendly service. Super easy drop off.
Me encanta la comida Indiana y en especial este restaurante, limpio y buen servicio!!!
Awesome staff, super quick turnaround time for both business and residential. Couldn't be happier!
This place don't need a makeover, it needs a bulldozer. It puts the whole community to shame.
Don't have someone who doesn't know about wine working in the wine department...enough said.
We eat here frequently and it is always solid, good food.   The staff is wonderful!
love this place. never a bad time and the surprise guests are always entertaining! FOOD EXCELLENT!
Hands down best traditional Mexican food in AZ!  Green salsa and Enchiladas Monterey are amazing!
The latte is not that sweet as Starbucks. I like it. It's at the food court in the mall.
Incredibly helpful, responsive & accommodating! Fair pricing. Would def use them again.
Hell yeah. I'm Southern by the grace of God and we know crawfish so do these folks!
Great food, great drinks, great prices. We're so glad  to have this fantastic restaurant close by!
Like this place. Traditional, high quality. Wish they had breakfast. Great location, not busy
When you decide to have dessert before dinner... you know it's a great dessert place.   5/5 stars!
Tacos are good, but there's no way to wash your hands only sanitizer, friendly employees
Great place. Feel very inviting and cozy.Great please for lunch and dinner with family and Friends
This place is rotting and infested. For the same price you can live in such a nicer location.
$19 Groupon oil change!!  Cant beat that. Be sure to make an appointment!!
Food was great. Will be back soon. Service was great. Love the lobster corn  and the lobster roll
Pizza s good.  I like the fact that it is made on the spot and you customize it to your liking.
Came here and got personal pizza,  it was very good, theres barely any seating like 3 stools
Best buffet in the world. Such a gem in the cosmo LV. Love the dessert bar. A queen needs her cake.
This place has great service..yummy breakfast..and a kick back atmosphere.  I love it here!
Salads are great and the steak is awesome! But little on the pricey side.
Customer service is horrible.  Expect to wait forever and be ignored while in there.
Great service by Jarrett, the food was amazing definitely coming back   Five stars to Jarrett
If Yelp had a "summon health inspection" button,  I'd click it.
Love Allyson!! My hair cut is stylish, sleek, and exactly what we talked about. Thank you!
This is probably the best sushi that I have ever had. The baked tuna shoulder was amazing.
Top notch service! This location has set the standard for McDonald's customer service!
Always a favourite! Cocktails amazing - props to the ever changing, always impressive drink menu!!
It tastes like a donair. And really, isn't that what everyone from Nova Scotia wanted to know?
it's terrible, don't waste your time or money!!! the brisket was as tough as shoe leather!!!
What does it take to get your shelves stocked?  Please learn to order and learn to be CNO
The worst waitress and 105 CAD for small Dinner and 2 Beer. Never again.
Vip spa pedicure is the best pedicure I have ever had!!!   Worth 30 minute drive to get here!
Cody was very thorough & knowledgable in explaining the company's process & available products.
Do they even play music on this station? Every time I turn it on there is a commercial!
Great food, worth the wait. Their chocolate brioche needs more oozey, melty chocolate.
It was fun but I'm not a huge fan of the movie. My friends are so it was worth the visit.
the best house margaritas in town!!!! huge nacho chips and salsa. great happy hour place.
Best burgers in Charlotte. And great sweet potato fries!
Very poor service. I didn't care for the atmosphere. And my water had more flavor than my pasta.
Elsie Combo, 100%
All it took was one visit to get my mom and I hooked. I wish they'd share their recipes!
Gorgeous outdoor patio, and yummy breakfast food.  Coffee is great too!
Really friendly and clean place. I was very happy with the threading! I would go back regularly!
Excellent food great service and a green chili burrito to die for! No wonder they are always busy!
The cussing teenagers are very frustrating when I'm trying to take my 6 year old for a treat!
Ate here 2x in a four day stay. Their food is great .  Can't wait to return on my next visit .
Kyle did a great job serving! Friendly and recommended the penne a la vodka. Delicious!
Great place to go for a manicure. The staff there are friendly and polite. Must check it out!
Delicious Arizona chili and fresh bread heaven!
They always have great coupons if you sign up for their mailing list.
Decent place for Middle Eastern food in Mississauga. Food was good and the place is usually full
Beer heaven! Amazing craft brews in a loud-but-cozy setting.
Great customer service from Rick at the bar this morning!  Thank you for the friendly service.
The food is really good!! Great vibe- the Greek salad is really good! The place is super clean
Pizza Hut cheese LOVERS is Capital NASTY. Don't order it unless you want something nasty.
Wanna legit barber shop?  Straight Razor is the PLACE!!  Old school barber shop.  Cool atmosphere!
Service courtois mais un peu d sorganis ... Endroit et environnement g nial.
Lovely atmosphere and seating. Clean and bright. Delicious, fresh, whole foods and drinks.
Peanut Butter Burger.... Yep, Amazing!!!  All of the Food here is great...
Had the Bacon Avocado burger and sweet potato fries, was pretty good no complaints. Will visit again
Rocked it again. Amazing pizza and an amazingly friendly and fun staff. Love this place.
The best bar in the Junction for craft beer, small plates, service and entertainment.
Overpriced garbage. Know what a pizza supposed to taste like before you TRY to cook one
Bought a loveseat from them took 2 weeks to arrive. Polite delivery guys set it up. A++
We had an issue with the company they used to fix our AC, it was resolved quickly and fairly.
Awesome wonton soup. soo good.
I love Amelie's every time I go! They never disappoint.
3 Bucks for a Sm. Spicy Chix Bowl.  'Nuff Said.
I got a pedicure Friday, no top coat. I got them redone on Monday. The worst mani ever.
Great food. Unique mixed drinks. Their chopped salad may be the best salad ever eaten.
Very inexpensive and they will give you a discount on larger cleaning ( 10 garments or more)
Food is great. Too bad the restaurant doesn't seat comfortably and wait tines are often long.
Excellent in every respect.  Service, timeliness and follow up continue to exceed our expectations.
I am one of the regulars. Clean. Inexpensive. Will avoid peanuts if you are allergic.  Fast service.
Spectacular scenery, not too far out of downtown, and well worth the drive out there.
A must see for Vegas fans. Tour guides are pleasant and knowledgeable.
Love the food. Their burritos are to die for. It's also a clean place unlike others I've been to
Good food, attentive service, tasty drinks but you have to be ok with noise - it's loud!
wonderful deco, food, and experience. Love their dessert donuts!
Lots of really good gelato flavors and this place does not jip you so that is a definite plus!
Really cool place.  Samantha is the best teacher!
Fantastic food, and fantastic wine list. Long wait to get in, but a great meal.
Great customer service - always friendly My favorite place to use for shipping and shipping supplies
Very very good egg noodle soup Good Satay Clean as you can get Recommend for families too
Calvin Harris, Tiesto, Aoki spin here on a regular basis.  Need I say more?   Beautiful venue!
People LOVE this place.  I am luke-warm.  The sauces are thin and the service is slow.
Love this place especially the face mask they help with my acne to clear up and moisturize my skin
Don't see Dr. Yoslady she is incompetent and rude.
I love drag shows and on saturday nights this is one if not the best!
Food is good but they shouldn't ask for tips from kids, because that is just plain rude
I have gone twice and Tiffany listens to what I want. They turn out amazing and lasts a long time.
Great theater !!! Absolutely beautiful .. Live the seating ... Seen Book of Mormon here !!! Loved it
Love this place!  One of my favorite restaurants!  Tastes like you're in Okinawa/Japan.
I got a mani/pedi with Eric and he did an awesome job! He's will definitely come back to this place.
Really good food, nice atmosphere, and very friendly service!
I screen was completely shattered also the led light was busted! The fixed it completely! Thank you
Steep!  Friendly staff Cool location right off the freeway Good weed selection and good quality
This place is magical! Service was great and we were treated and accommodated professionally.
Les meilleurs croissants de Montr al! Et les meilleurs prix aussi!
For what this place is (airport restaurant), they crush it. Fast and friendly service with good food
Just a regular pizza joint dressed for uptown. Not impressed.
Fish melts in your mouth. They also own the best ramen restaurant in Vegas: Ramen Sora.
Make sure you buy more than you want cause you'll be craving for their tacos for the rest of the day
Orange chicken is da bomb!!!!
Happy Hour!  Yummy cheese plate and baked brie with tasty drinks.
As long as I can fit in to their clothes, I know I'll look good :-)
Don't judge from the outside. Friendly staff great food. Best Mexican in airdrie by far.
Good food and fast service! The best part is that they're open late!
Service was outstanding and the selection was great I highly recommend this restaurant.
Staff are a little snooty. Good ambience. If you are not a regular it's like you don't exist.
Absolutely amazing food and staff. Been here twice now and will come back every visit to Vegas.
Awesome place to hang. Old school arcade games, pinball, and systems. $1 membership fee.
Love this place! Delicious food, bakery, and exceptional service!
George did an excellent job on my carpet.  I will definetly use him again!
Excellent food and the service is awesome. A small Mom/Pop Linda place. My kind of place.
Such a wack ass club. The dress code is a joke . The manager Lee won't give me my Id back
I love the familia pizza pie!!! Must try it.
Nice stylish place. Totally mixed Asian food?!?
Really great pork ! And great service !!
This place is amazing.  Great noodles and ideas, fast service. We will be coming back!
Burn, burn, burn...Pure Barre was always a great workout to begin the day.
Food was salty, service was OK. I only got 5 skimpy pieces of chicken in my pho ga. :(
Great Pizza, Terrific Ambiance, Super Service, and you must have the Stuffed Artichokes (Chokes)!!
this place rocks.  great sushi, great service.  highly recommend.
Cheap, fast, friendly, quality food, and best comfort food. My fave is Gail's eggs in egg whites!
Luiz , thank you for your amazing customer service!
I had the jack Daniels chicken sandwich and it was so flavorful and juicy down right delicious!!
Great Place!!! Love the food, vibe, and location. Definitely my favorite Mexican eatery in Phoenix!
Excellent restaurant in Vdara. Quite and reserved, yet intimate. The food is fantastic.
Chili Garlic Edamame was awesome. So was the sushi and rolls. Service was a C- at best.
This place is amazing I drive over 30 mins just to come here because it is soooooo good
Best place in town. I love the sampler platter and Sunday brunch is the best deal in town
Hands down best pizza in town!  Super friendly owners!  I really loved the wings.
Dined here for first time tonight. Pleasantly surprised. Good food, good prices. Recommend to all
Loved the food. The staff was so friendly and knowledgeable. I would definitely come back again!
It's great, but I don't want you to go. I like it best when there's only a dozen people there
Ay!!! The rice cracker is the bomb!!!!!!!!!!!! The mussels r fresh n tasty!!!! Service is great!!!!
Dr. Sharon is amazing! She cares so much and is very thorough. She has the heart of a teacher.
Best chicken fingers ever! And the French fries are to die for ! And it's all healthy
Not a place you expect to find great food...but you do. Good selection of local beers as well.
Many many diferente choices The sushi is good  All type of fruits and sweet  Good price
my Favorite barber. i always cut my hair in Reys barbershop and will not stop going there.
Great price, great service, excellent work.
Besides it smell unlike smoke 247 it's really not a badd place everything you want is under one roof
Loved, loved, loved this place   Great for family or even two couples as the condo offers privacy
Awesome food. Always arrives hot when I order delivery through skip the dishes!! D-liciousss!!!
Nice sports bar especially to catch UFC
C'est ma place pour les sushi le midi. Rapide et frais on peut commander et emporter.
Excellent dumplings with soup inside. Dough is a little tough once the dumplings coil down.
Love the Kool-Aid and Shrimp and Grits! Place is always clean and very taken well taken care of.
Very, very dirty.  Fans and drink cooler have caked on dirt.  So gross...  Won't be back here again.
Awesome beer.  Get there on Thursdays early for cask night.
Price was fair and response time was quick. Joey is a professional that knows what he is doing.
Some of the best french bread outside France.
Love this great 30-40 min workout! Great staff. Knowledgable and friendly! Carly Clark
Outstanding and friendly service, delicious food!  Love it here and our favorite bartender!
I normally hate Buffets, but Wicked Spoon took it to another lever. This place is amazing!
Staff is friendly, especially the nice young lady at the Bistro.    This hotel is loud
This taco shop has it all over robertos! Great price and portions, fresh and authentic.
Speakeasy Confidential.   A "secret" worth uncovering.
Excellent breakfast skillets. Huge portions and very good service. Fresh tasting. Good coffee
Really enjoyed the spicy shish taouk and the staff were friendly / nice.
tattered curtains, broken lampshades, piss poor service.  avoid this place like Ebola.
They have the best beef yakisoba here! I would definitely come back and try their Hibachi dinner.
Great chili burger and porkster burger, super onion rings....ya gotta try this place!
Tip.... if you go in and ask for Paulo he's the best one there and he is a damn good hard worker
Audrey is amazing. She is very talented and the process was literally painless.  A+  Thank you!
Love this location! Sometimes it gets overwhelmingly crowded, but the atmosphere is always lovely.
Great service. Had no appointment, and was able to get in and out fast. Ronnie's great
BEST SUSHI IN THE VALLEY! Cute place, delicious fresh food! The price is not bad at all.
LOVE LOVE this salon!! Have been using Tweety for years... AMAZING service &! great nails!
Love.  Went again last month in June.  So excellent!!!
Convenient location in Cityscape, friendly staff and consistent service and quality of drinks!
Great food good price better then the Irvine California will eat again
Well stocked, good product selection, and helpful staff.  I will definitely shop here again!
Food was just so so but the price is too high. Service was bad and slow. Not recommended!
This is a great place to fix your electronics. Super friendly staff and repair things great great!.
I have been going to Wasabi for 8 years.  Food is always excellent along with great staff.
Grabbed a table by the window and ordered a couple of drinks. Perfect for people watching.
Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional.  I have had better service at McDonald's.
Love  this quaint place. We come here for great food, privacy and relaxation. Lovely atmosphere.
Most fabulous gel overlay manicure. Now I have to figure out how to post picture.
Great pizza, nice people I try to come and get their pizza special at least twice a month
Awesome red velvet pancakes.  Worth a 20 minute drive.  Coffee is ok.
Great steaks.  Good drinks.  Excellent service.  Second best view in Vegas.
This was my first visit..food was delicious!! Or waitress april was theeee best!!!
this place is the best!!! the girls are always looking out for you to achieve the perfect tan!
A little greasy, but great authentic Mexican  fast food
This location does not support military veterans like other Whataburger restaurants do.
The Owl is off and running.  Great Bar,  great Wings!  Kevin was rocking the Negroni's.
Love this place! Great food great service! Love the pot of bread and French press coffee!!
Kat is amazing! She does my lashes the best I ever have love her! I highly recommend her!!!
great service ,price, and location. half off wine, sake and all kinds of good stuff.
Love everything we ordered tonight, good food with awesome service, will be back soon
Horrible experience there.. Be careful they will literally chase you out the door if you are late
$2.65 each...try the signature Hop Scotch, vanilla dipped in butterscotch ganache...
Super friendly staff and great selection of CBD /pain relief options.  Convenient location.
Get the fried twisted rolls!!   Food is good, large portions!  $4.99 lunch combos.
Hollywood Bing is closing in December per article in the SanTan Sun Times Newspaper
Protein pancakes are so delicious!! Lots of berries cooked in them. Yum yum. One of my favorites.
This location is terrible. They constantly mess up my orders. I will not be returning
solid meal. pickles were a novel touch I wasn't used to. Steak was good but not great..
Atmosphere was great, food was great, service was good, Don Julio Margarita was not very great :/
Staff was horrible and rude. They were discriminatory and bad overall. They really need to improve
New chef :-) this is the real deal. Authentic Italian food. Great service great food great views.
Our server Aaye was nice and friendly. I got steak and spinach salad. It was fab. Highly recommend.
Perfect small place for breakfast. We received prompt excellent service. Food was great too.
Best nail place around! Lilly always does an amazing job on my nails I couldn't be happier!!!
Signature omelet and Sandy omelet.  Comparable to Black Bear Diner.
Good stuff as long as you like chicken fingers and fries
Great atmosphere, deeelicious food & an awesome Happy Hour... what more could u ask for?!
I had a great experience here. top notch service and food!
Meh, just another average burger joint. Didn't really care for the greasy buns.
Super Friendly staff. Love the crust, not really doughy. My kids are super picky and love it.
Great pizza. Love that you can add as many toppings as you want for the same price.
Love their white pizza! Sooo yummy!  Call for takeout if you don't want to wait in their line!
Great on a hot day! Staff friendly and funny. It located next to Sprouts. Kids loved it!
Best chicken fingers in Toronto! Always great service!
In need of a total caffeine and sugar rush?  This is your place!  Great baked goods too.
Lovely chocolates and delicious ice cream! Friendly, knowledgable staff.
Best venue in Toronto. New sound system last fall has just made seeing bands here a delight.
Very good berry pancakes and the bacon wasn't too beaten with pepper like other breakfast places.
Just ok noyhing special here. Stay away from the shrimp dry and nasty. The bread is the best part.
Yummy Cuban sandwich and tasty beer.  Very nice and clean inside. Tasteful decor, and fun atmosphere
This place is gross. It all tastes the same - greasy and disgusting.
I love coming here because the service is great and the food is great. Zach is a awesome bartender!
The floral arrangement replacement was beautiful. Thank yo for a job well done. Excellent service.
Cool 50s diner! Great food and service. Prices were very affordable. A good menu selection!
Update: Cardinals tickets never showed up. Go figure. Am I surprised? Nope.
Yes to the red velvet pancakes! Great friendly service. Worth the wait. They turn over tables fast.
Poor service and generic nachos. The place is overpriced and the servers just talk to each other.
Nice, quiet, spacious.  Their usual high quality service at high quality prices :-)
We love the chicken marsalla with no chicken and big thing of rice the food is amazing
Food was so good and prices are reasonable. Definitely coming back next time we are in Vegas
Tres bien! The napoleon is scrumptious! Their breakfasts are good too :) Cool place to hang out.
Great food, great service! Hazelnut pancakes with Nutella drizzle was a nice way to start my day.
Totally amazing fun place!! Clayton and John are Awesome!!!
Avoid this place at all cost. They STEAL YOUR MONEY and are very rude and unprofessional.
Very chill, down to earth. Thankful for something perfect  on this barren strip of Dundas.
Super quick service food was  great! Wasn't too difficult to find and in a brightly lit strip mall.
Overpriced, extremely small portions, and poor service.
Great, greasy pizza and excellent salads.  Always ask for dressing on the side.
They let me draw chalk weiners all over the ground and dont even yell at me!!
This is my neighborhood Wendy's and they are always so friendly! I just love swinging through!!
Best Gyro in Phoenix! Period! I order the Gyro DLX. The feta is awesome. Recommend.
Great fun set-up and wonderful staff, I would heartily recommend it to anyone visiting Pittsburgh.
Fantastic food. Fantastic service. Fantastic ambience.  A bit pricey
This stuff tastes good. Plain and simple. Helpful staff. Good stuff.
Really impressed with this place. Very friendly, knowledgeable staff and a clean facility.
Alright place. Personally prefer jabistro more, flaming sushi roll was pretty impressive though .
extra $1 for lengua posted nowhere on their menu. good tacos but get your pricing straight
The best service I've ever received! The care and communication was far above my expectations!
Food is ok, I guess. But terribly overpriced for what you get.
Place was recommended by the Oyster House and its absolutely wonderful. Glad we tried it.
New place with Chicago pizza. Was very delicious. Staff was great and service was fast.
I recently started going to SCCF and love it! The trainers are great and it's an amazing workout.
Can't go wrong with Ben & Jerry's.  This place was cute and they had great customer service.
No service or waiters. The live band was playing ouside due to lack of space. Highly overrated.
Perfect experience!!! Thank you!!! I have always bought & serviced my cars at Gaudin Ford.
Best bakery every" I loved the whole experience I've never been to a bakery like This!!
Really awesome sushi and really great service! Probably some of the best sushi I've had in the city.
Been here way too many times to count! Food is amazing and the service is ALWAYS quick!
Excellent beer selection, delicious deli, enjoyable people watching- what more can someone want?
This is a fun place for a drink and bite to eat! The food is great and the beer is cheap!
Some of the best wings in Charlotte.  The buffet lunch is a bit pricey but very good.
Food tastes good although the size of the dishes is somewhat small. Service was very good.
I feel like if I dropped soap in prison the servers here would be there to protect me
Yum! Good corned beef hash, great donuts. A good, old-fashioned diner.
Koto was average.  The service, and the sushi were ok.  The atmosphere is pretty nice.
Come for the beer and girls delivering it but skip the food...
they get the wings right everytime and the food is always fresh!!!! def my favorite wing place
As promised, bigger and better! This place is huge, waitstaff very friendly, food awesome as always!
Great service.  Not terrible food.  Over priced for the experience.
rad for shows. great programming. saw a burlesque show here for work, once.
Cool little spot. Our server Brooke was awesome. We'll definitely be coming back for the calamari!
Just ordered here for first time pizza chicken all great will be back again fore sure
Simple menu. Great food. Relaxed atmosphere. I highly recommend it. The wings were fantastic!
Awesome salads! And great prices!! Can't wait for the queen creek location to open up
Good burgers, nice (not too big) portion sizes and a laid back atmosphere.  We are fans!
Best chips and salsa!  Love their fajitas. Wish they would open one near Centennial Hills.
Love the pizza but a 90 minute delivery time resulted in luke warm pizza.
If you're looking for authentic Mexican food at a great price, this is the place! Awesome.
I think my cowoker explained it the best.... it's like Burger King was turned into a bar.
Victoria was wonderful. Felt very pampered. Great products and services.  Will definitely return.
Really good place with great vibes. The food was delicious, I tried few plates as recommended.
Shrimp & grits!!  WOW!!!  Great place!  Great staff and amazing food!  Ya gotta get there!!
The lobster sandwich here is still one of the best I've had. They also have really good oysters.
Very yummy Pho, delicious egg rolls, super customer service and very clean. Will definitely be back!
Fresh, extremely good! Be prepared to wait (... did I mention fresh ?!?)  Daniel
Slow service,  especially trying to order food at bar.  No gluten free pasta or pizza options.
Absolutely amazing service. These guys got me taken care of. Wont take my buisness anywhere else!
If I could leave a zero star review I would. Rudest people working here I have ever met.
Great bar pizza and pool tables! Came here alot since it was in downtown!
Excellent quick hot food. I had the coney dog, fries and a pop. Excellent customer service.
AMAZING Great food and great service. Good delivery time, food was hot and fresh.
Dinosaur egg exhibit. Fun museum to visit with the family. Will come back for another visit.
Amazing food, great service,  super chill atmosphere.  I will be back every time I'm in town.
The best pizza in the great state of Arizona! Enough said
After touring a few apartments, this is the best. Good customer service and grounds are very pretty.
Great location being next to the gym. Good Friday and Saturday 3.99 chicken bowl special.
This place got new management, I've never been so appalled at the lack of customer service.
Great prices with very unique and tasty grub! So good! Totally originality! You have to stop here!
Excellent and friendly
My partner wants to fly back to Pittsburgh just to get more of their waffles.
Love to come here for gifts... even for myself ;) great selection and love the local products
Went for my brothers birthday. Great selection of food and quicke service. Would come again
A real amusement park for foodies. Wonderful experience
I came back this week, got my great suite with the view of the strip!!!  Enough said!
This place is great! I suggest ordering the chicken lettuce wraps and the honey chicken...delish
Lyndsay is awesome! She and her friend had some good music playing and my sandwich was yum :)
Its just a regular breakfast joint.  Defiantly not worth a wait in line.
Belle ambiance pour boire un verre
Just great steak and eggs in a cute lil breakfast joint. Enjoy!
The best! Very authentic Sichuan/ Chongqing noodles. The Mung bean drink is a plus! Very good.
Best late night Sushi in Las Vegas.  Great service every time.  I recommend the rattle snake roll.
Found exactly what I was looking for, prices were right, delivery was seamless. Great experience.
Nice hotel in the heart of downtown Pittsburgh! Great staff-attractive lobby-Starbucks coffee!
A little pricey but the their snowing chicken was so darn good, definitely coming back again!!
Bartender is friendly and makes great drinks. Also recommends what to get since it's my first time.
Longest wait times ever. There can be no one in like and I'll still wait 20 mins for a burrito.
Very busy (Pacquiao fight) Fun atmosphere, the staff  was friendly and . The cheese curd is so good.
Great place to chill n have a drinj or 2 or 3...love the ambiance!  My new hang out spot!
I come here whenever I visit Charlotte. The atmosphere is unique and all the food is wonderful!
Good spot for some cold beer! Angela was the best ask for her! Would recommend it to anyone!
Family Celebration, best brunch and awesome service and views!
Super fresh guacamole, stopped before our flight, glad we did!  Great atmosphere and free soup
Over-priced but handy. Produce so-so. Hard to navigate. No bargain.
Best Wings Ever. Never disappointed, Lemon Pepper is our favorite!
Going to try the short ribs. Been told i can't lose. Umm... Needed more BBQ sauce. Easy fix.
Excellent! First time visit.
Jarrett was our waiter and he was excellent. He was very helpful, explained everything and friendly.
Great food great service always a clean friendly environment food is always fast and hot
Nice selection of wine with cool eats. Great date spot. Grilled cheese flight...just sayin'.
Love the Hub. The food is always to die for. We have never received a bad dinner or lunch plate.
Love this place. Great ambiance and amazing flavors food. Curry Laska is a must
Absolutely love this place. Best Thai food in town so far!!! Strongly recommend!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I feel bad posting this but it is a complete waste of time.
I go there regularly...always delicious and fresh.... One place in town that isn't over hyped.
Love love this place. Traveled from Denver for work. Love the atmosphere, food and country music.
Nice, trendy, PRIME steaks and I got 2 day old over cooked halibut.  I should of gotten the veal.
Expect the slowest service you have ever seen.  3 hours for a meal on a Sunday night.
Fabulous food! great ambiance. cant wait to go again for my birthday.
Bfast all day! The staff always cooks the food fresh and never have a problem!
Buck a shuck Malpeques and $5 draft Beaus. On point. Nothing more needs to be said.
Great Service. Very Helpful and went over and beyond to get us the best deal
Not squeaky clean. Rush job. Got butchered. 25 with tip.
The worse experience in my life with alteration.  Never ever will use again. Helena K
The best waiter at canters deli is Chris H. He went out of his way to help us... thank you Chris!!!
This is a great place to eat and the home made strawberry lemonade  was the best! Love this place.
I'd be OK with getting diabetes if I could do it while eating ce cream from here every day.
Not bad for a new restaurant! Steak teriyaki portion was pretty generous.
Great service from Emma and team! Delicious food and great atmosphere on the outdoor patio/balcony.
Great little yogurt shop. Super super clean and the staff was very friendly. We will be back.
Poor quality, poor service... Cold, bland food.
Eviction notice on their door this morning when we tried to go there. It was closed.
Great pork chop and eggs.  We never miss this spot when we come to Vegas.  Best breakfast in town!
good bar food, great games plenty of room and fun to shoot pool there. managed very well
I'm so hungry right now, and all I can think about are the delicious apps here. Omg feed me.
Professional,  helpful and I appreciate  their business.  Would definitely  recommend
I can only speak for my experience.. everyone was super nice and my bobbie was perfect!!!!
An excellent Turkey and Swiss Cheese sandwich on the nine-grain bread!
parfait pour les patisseries et les paninis, tr s achaland 
I have tried and tried this place. I even wait years and comeback.
Great food service!
Great pierogis!!
High quality. Fun. Plenty of seating. Good for hanging out. I wish it was closer. Service was okay.
This place is a regular for my family and I, the food is great and the service is good.
These cookies are indescribably delicious! OMG!! I wish I lived in Charlotte just for these cookies.
An eclectic menu so there's something for everyone!! The food and service were amazing!
I love Whole Pet Vet! I recommend them to everyone I know :)
The best in North Phx. Consistently quality and great flavor every visit. At least once every week
They are okay for a quick 50 bucks cant go wrong.their is times when it takes 4 ever.
Nice place nice service and very professional   Welcome to very one in town  Luv royal foot spa
I have not really seen markdowns of the type that were hyped at the time of the Amazon takeover.
Healthy and delicious food. You can go small or big. With infused water and delicious desserts.
Delicious but overpriced...I got a five ounce filet mignon with soup and pecan pie $48.
awesome! Recommend springfield cocktail. It is amazing.
great veggie options  very impressed with the quality of the combo i had  excellent portions
Great place. Easy to find. Sometime you may be need wait more than an hour, but helpful staff.
Place was good. Little disappointed in my dish, however the environment was friendly.
OMG THE FOOD Haluski and fried chicken  Sandwich OMG
Best place in LV. My go to! Staff is so knowledgeable and pleasant great organization check it out!
I love the Bibimbap ang their Pork Bone Soup, will definitely  come back and try another dishes
food was good as always . papaya salad last time wasn't taste the same as before
Excellent service with Vincent coming back Thanksgiving morning the next day to resolve an issue.
Get massage about every other month for years, Erin, LMT one of the best ever! Highly recommend.
Fast delivery, correct order. Dishes are great size and flavorful
A cool dive bar spot to go to if you've never been
ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS messing up orders NO MISS , another place that has shity service !
Nice pub, great beer, nowhere to sit and the band was noisy. Food was ok for pub food.
Great value, friendly service, best place to stay in Tempe.  Jaclyn was awesome at front desk.
Excellent burger. I usually don't eat hamburgers, but the burgernater is my exception.
Food was very good. Nice quiet atmosphere. Staff were extremely friendly. Hidden gem off the strip.
Great authentic latin american food. The stake was so flavorfull.
Food was a little pricy but very good.  Service was great but had to pay for parking.
Hailey was AWESOME! So talented, so sweet!! I love her work and would definitely come back again!!
Dead store waiting...  Who ever is working there just does not care or understand...
I like their noodle. Tried the spicy hot pot, about the average.
Les bi res sont bonnes, l'endroit est confortable, beaucoup d'espace.
I would give 0 stars if possible. They like to blow ya cars up. Stay away. You're welcome.
Short wait time, quick service. Broth really tasty. No hot water, even green Tea came in a can.
Good and service was truly the best Vegas experience we've had during our week in Vegas!
Great dinner and desert! Very expensive if you add wine!!
After watching sgt Lentzen make an ass of herself I'd be surprised if she still has a job.
Seriously been in line for 30 minutes .  This could taste like heaven but who cares if ur passed out
I never got coffee at Alchemy Coffee... but I did get the smoked salmon eggs benny and it was great!
Great salad with sweet pork. You need to ask for more pork to make the salad tasty.
Overpriced! My wife got a regular salad with nothing on it for $8.00. We will not be coming back.
Good brunch spot for the weekends-- very casual, pleasant staff and Bloody Mary/ mimosa bar
Came here for lunch after a field trip with my students. Great service, great staff, great food!
Best bar food I have had in Scottsdale. Head and shoulders above the rest
this place is pretty good! i like to come here and most of the time i find parking
Food is pretty good. The bar area gets rather crowded at times.
What a fun Happy Hour spot! Great service, great food & fun atmosphere! Totally going back!
I ordered TWO burgers. How do you fuck that up?!?!! They gave me completely wrong burgers. Wow
my son loves this place tasty food good service and very clean...
Nope my wheel chair wasn't fixed, it was worst than before, I'll have to find another place.
they got some good food but they spelt noodle wrong
What in the what?!? Why was the Kalua pig in a soup?!? This ruined my entire meal. It was awful.
Pleasant, divided dog park with shade for owners and dogs.  Water spigot and extra bags for waste.
The variety and quality of cookies are amazing.  I love so many of the flavors, best cookies.
Venue was great.  A draft beer and a bottle of water was $21; close to the price of admission.
$24 to get a tired plugged?!  Seriously!?  Highway robbery at its finest.
They seem to be closed as their phone number is out service. Too bad. I really liked dining here.
Great place for a cheap bite.....delicious and so fun that it is hidden.
First time visited tonight. Great selections, great tasting. My reaction was  WOW!!!! Amazing.
Yum! Steaks were great! Corn bread  large portions definitely worth the price!
Great service and great for big group. The full rack of ribs was very soft and delicious.
Inexpensive and quick service. The baked fish on rice with Portuguese sauce was great.
Awesome noodles found in Las Vegas Must try stop here Serve with free green bean soup Pretty nice 
good food, burrito was huge, tasty and the prices are fair, clean store, friendly atmosphere.
I just looked at my Yelp bookmarks and realized that I never wrote a review for Harris Grill!
Pizza is a little heavy on the cheese, but good overall. Great service and huge salads.
The complex is very beautiful but remember beauty is as beauty does. Looks can be deceiving.
Got a full set and pedicure, I had a very great experience . It's a nice little nail spot.
great store - really cute stuff - and very friendly and helpful staff
The fried avocados were delicious, the margaritas were great and my server Shoalay was awesome.
I had the Ahi Ceviche today and it was wonderful and expertly made. Service was really good too!
Been going here for many years.  Thank you Dr. Powell and staff.
Awesome tasting, healthy, affordable food. Perfect for lunch in Oakland.
This is an AMAZING TREAT!  I get the strawberry peach with mango bobas. Highly recommended
Left my jacket at a table, walked personally back by Casey after closing. Outstanding.
Talk about old fashions barbers this is the place. Best hair cut and yearssss. Great job.
My 4th week in a row coming here and can't get enough of it. The Hawaiian plate is off the hook!!!
Fresh food with a good variety. Brisket was really better than expected as was Korean short ribs
I love the breakfast. Biscuits and Gravey is my favorite and their vanilla shakes are delicious.
Toujours aussi bon leurs sandwichs!!!
Perfect for a hot, summer Arizona night!
She loves natural products and that makes me happy. :)
The worst lo mein I have ever had in the valley over the last 30 years. Mush filled egg rolls.
lots of new pretty clothes in here today
Fancy and great club but the dance floor was too small.
Not good!! Yogart salad was good, but the kabab wasn't. Kibby not good at all !! Very disappointed
The best pedicure ever.  I will most definitely be back.  The girls were fun awesome place.
great food, great ambiance but a little pricey
Solid Pho. Very sparing on the veggies and dipping sauce for my egg rolls...just okay
Best burger, nice outdoor patio, dog friendly.  Habanero sauce with fried pickles are SO good!
Didn't use them, but their driver was flying around Ahwatukee like Mario Andretti.. slow down!!
Great food and great customer service!! I even loved their mugs had to get me a couple of them.
Very bland food Went to buffet on Saturday Except naan remaining food in buffet was stale.
Got a Pedicure and SNS Manicure with tips. Loved the entire experience. Will be going back.
Soooo good. LOVED it. Spicy, tasty and great service.  Will go back for sure! Thank you!
Great food! Stoner shell is the bomb!
The best chicken tacos!  Fresh and delicious. Salas bar is pretty good too. Definitely worth a try.
LE snack-bar du coin
Great location! Have come a few times so far and always had fantastic service and food.
a great place to find a good gift of something for the home.
Yummm! Can't blame for having a wait list all the time. Location is too Damn small. Expand!!!
Great, quick, efficient service. The repairman Ryan was very knowledgeable, quick and helpful! A++++
Okay burger. Too many "rules" that are probably funny for drunk single guys but I wouldn't go again.
Well they are closed and locked up at 430pm on a Friday when sign says open  630pm. Really helpful.
Shaunie was great! Def spin the wheel . I plan on coming back again before the end of my trip lol
Worst bar ever. Bouncer uses excessive force on females and the management supports it .
I had the onion soup with the eggplant panini and it was great. Will try this place again
Love it. Love it. Love it. My steak is dead on every single time. Staff are friendly.
Had two hoagies and garlic knots.  All was excellent.  Plan to try the pizza next time we order.
I went here one too many times. In my opinion, the prices were much higher than the quality!
Burrata cheese was amazing. Wine was more expensive than you'd expect.  Everything else was great.
Wide selection of equipment, ingredients and even beer. Also, the owners are friendly and helpful.
Mimis always takes great care of our networking group on Wednesday mornings. Good service!
Garbage. -no water pressure -dirty sheets -dirty bathrooms -rude staff -all round bad experience
The library is beautiful but security is retarted strict lol
Food is always good and filling. Their mahi-mahi and their alaskin salmon are highly recommend.
GREAT!!!!!!!!!!! I just had my windows tinted at DC Auto and was very happy with the work.
This place has its place. Certainly not Disney Land. Abandoned in fifth.
Awesome Chicken! Awesome sides!  Attentive and friendly staff!  Will be coming back for sure.
Prickly Pear Margarita is out of this world. Take an uber home if your drinking here :)
Beautiful and very relaxing place. Nest hair stylists in the area for sure.
They had a very good Chicago dog. We went on a Saturday about 4 pm. Owner was extremely friendly.
Top notch show! Thanks for a great evening Kevin! And the Michigan connection!
Order the triple double without the cheese sauce. Cheese sauce is salty and tastes like plastic.
The pleasure pit and Earl of Sandwiches. What more can you ask for in one spot?
Love this place! Great drinks, friendly staff, I didn't try the food. Good atmosphere.
They have the best  cantonese chowmein in east york. Real authentic. Not greasy at all...
smoothie a day keeps the doctor away! get up and goji buy far the best.
My favorite cupcakes by far! Chocolate Fountain, Cinnamon Sugar, Hopscotch... yummmmm!
Plain nasty.  Rude waitress and who doesn't carry Bacardi?
Love this bank, the tellers and the loan officer. Convenient & quiet location, quick transactions.
First time dining at this restaurant and I have to say the food and service were excellent!
No all you can eat?? Way to compete with other places guys. At least we know where we shouldn't go
Haircuts are cool barbershop atmosphere is cool  shop conversations are all ways entertaining
Awsome place. A huge variety of rolls, Fresh tuna , great tempuras. Awsome service.
Nice yogurt place. Good selection, great price.
was part of the show!! had sooo much fun, lots of energy, kevin was awesome!!! totally recommend!!!!
Such a cute store! Great unique gift ideas and unexpected cute clothing too!
Really good pizza and great variety of pizzas and beer. Little bit overpriced but still super good.
Great coffee, tiny place, cakes and muffins are good too. Best coffee in that part of the city.
Best club ever , very fancy , if you want to go crazy in Vegas that's the place to be
Really really good patisserie. Everything I tried there has just been really delicious.
Super fun definitely a highlight of our trip. Lars was an excellent pilot.  All the staff was great.
Bagels are always fresh. I love stopping in on my way to work and starting my day off right.
Ok, they rectified this by comping this service.
Add the New York Giants sandwich to the menu permanently please!!!!
I enjoy coming to this IHOP! People are friendly and the customers are not ghetto or inappropriate!
It's in the Union and it's frickin expensive. My gawd.
The food is great and come with a big appetite! They do get busy so be early.
Had a spa pedi.  It was great.  Really took their time.  Great experience, will definitely go back.
I love Texaz Grill.  Food, service and atmosphere is always great.  Texas stuff all over
Italian and European Food at its finest. Chef Heather Stadler knows her stuff.
Very nice Italian restaurant ..exceptional service , good music :) we 'll be back for sure
It's ok place but would like to try a different one though.
Tiny space but really good food and coffees!
Ryan called AGAIN.  When I said I wasn't interested he hung up. I'm filing a complaint.
Delicious food, Baked Goods, and outdoor seating?  Yes Please.
I won't go anywhere else for Chinese.
Good: main food items Bad: fries and confusing menu options
No skim milk. Overpriced.
House beef noodles are delicious! Best place in Las Vegas to get some awesome noodles!
Excellent food. I highly recommend. I liked every single dish we ordered and the service was great!
Absolutely the best sushi I have ever had. Fast service, great ambience, can't go wrong.
good deal but only average pizza at best and meh crust
Wonderful service, great food, reasonable prices... You're missing out of you don't try it.
Great location. Always fresh. Spicy chicken is the best. Love chick fil a.
A fun sports bar covering all teams with friendly people and hot bartenders.
Didn't like this place. Was trying to get help from a cashier and he ignored us hence the 1 star.
Boy, their attitudes sure do suck, and their subs are so unbelievably nasty.  Uuuggghhh!
Absolutely fantastic experience!  Great customer service. Great tchnician. Great pricing. Thanks!
Forget about the location is Scottsdale you want the location on Central and Yuma.
Such a friendly set of staff here and they always got some kind of sale going on. You should go here
They do great highlights here..I will be going back. The cut was ok :)
Carvin Jones Band plays here. Does anything else really need to be said!?!
Solid, but average compared with all of the options available in Markham area.
Mike at TLS is amazing! He treats me so well and gives such a great deal. Never charges me enough!
This is truly a hidden gem!! Delicious food and great coffee. Try the biscuits and gravy for sure.
Very professional, informative,non-pressuring,and customer friendly. Rich D. was great!
This place was delicious! Got the tempura udon and it was tasty! So was the uni and surf clam nigiri
A must-see in Vegas. Learn the history of the city by touring the old neon signs from the strip.
The service was great. Ask to sit in Robert D s section. Even caught a Pokemon while dinning
Fast food style flavors. Way better choices a few streets north and south of this location.
Great price. Clean. Well equipped.
Love this place. Been here twice and I'm never disappointed. Best Indian buffet for the price 10.99.
Good pizza, just right size for 2. Had the thin crust Jamaican jerk. Hot and spicy and yummy
Military discount? Great food? New favorite place? Yes, YES and YES!!!!
An amazing dentist and staff, they go out of their way to make sure you are comfortable.
Very nice location, we always have some drink before the concert in Roy Tompson Hall.
I love there Casseroles soup for 2 people and Kalbi Beef which is so good ! Will come back soon !!!
Great place... great atmosphere... great pho. It's a simple menu, for once. I kind of liked it too.
The wait kinda sucked...1.5 hour wait...but totally worth it the food was freakin amazing!!
The Richardsons restaurants are fun, unique and delicious...have always been my favorite.
Delicious and unique place. It feels like your are in Montreal. A cool place in the middle of uptown
Chris Cornell at the Overture Center, never forget.
Great drinks. Wings are good. Do not order the French dip. Plain, no taste and tough meat.
Large plates, very tasty. We were referred by my husband's coworker. We will go back some day.
Colleen and Frank and are awesome. Went in with a price and I left happy. It's worth it, stop on in.
We love this place the costumer service is amazing!! All of our family lives coming here.
Had a lot of fun here! Fun place to grab a few drinks and have some laughs.
Wonderful place with great service, generous portions and most importantly, authentic taste!
we had a GREAT time here and the food is pretty freaken good too!!!!
Had the General Tso combo.  Nothing special, but a lot of food and tasted fine.
Best donuts in town.  All of the donuts are consistently soft and fresh unlike most chain stores.
Great food! Veal Chop was awesome. Service was top of the line. Get in here and try this place.
Best Baja style Mexican food in AZ!!!  Try the fish tacos!  Try the quesadilla!  Try everything!!!
Service sucks. Staff is arrogant, unwelcoming and racist.
Replaced my power steering pump and rear brakes.  Very honest and great pricing.  Highly recommend.
service was terrible, i waited way to long for a gross unblended smoothie. so dissatisfied l
One word: PISTACHIO... in all its glory... no need to say more.
Best ribs and waffles ANYWHERE. Fun to sit outside. Go here, you will like it for sure!
Everything I've tried on the menu is excellent! I just wish there was one closer to my house
La musique est devenue trop forte.  C' tait un des seuls bars o  on avait la paix avant. Dommage.
Great taco shop with great breakfast burritos. We stop here every time we leave vegas.
Classic! Good wine, food AND they show sports! Best of all it is walking distance from home.
Fantastic BBQ, probably the best in the area! Great service too!
Best Buy's Terri in appliances is thorough. She did her best to wrong a right. Thanks, Terri!
The chicken shawarma salad was huge and tasted great. The scoop of hummus dip was an add on.
Best ramen house in Vegas...takes me away from Pho!!
Very nice decor, service was excellent, from appetizers to aged rib eye everything was fantastic...
Just had a quick cheap dinner date here! Great food and you cant beat the price!!
We came here for the AYCE lunch. Nothing extraordinary but decent for AYCE. 3.5 stars.
Cute but flavorful tapas plates. Great service for low price (relatively speaking)!
Great price, free wifi, fridge, microwave, and clean rooms with cable. No complaints here!
Decent enough, I would return. Definitely more friendly for takeout/delivery than dining in.
Best wings in the state and awesome friendly staff.  I bring my family here all the time! -mike
In and out within the hour. Nice staff. Kim saw me and seemed very knowledgeable & super caring.
My favorite pizza joint! Great lasagna.. Salads, breadsticks, and top notch desserts
When you are hungry and Denny's is right there, grand slam ends up tasting ok.
Awesome woohoo they have solar glasses for the eclipse. And their customer service is awesome!!!
Excellent live music venue in Tempe. Cheap drinks and great bands.
I love this place. I come here often after work and I am always pleased with the food
Great service!! Always  Delicious food. Food made to order . Give the French toast sticks!
Overpriced and over rated. Service is slow.
One of the worst Dunkin' Donuts I've ever been to. They mess up my order almost every single time.
 . . . . . . .
Ok nothing else to say but My FAV!
Chris and Samantha were great! Definitely will recommend!
Its great and cute for quirky dates  just make sure u come at a reasonable time, gets quite busy
Best club in my opinion . You just gotta see it for yourself.
Interesting flavor! I got the popcorn and rainbow. They are awesome.
(3) A-OK...good for College Kids & Average Pool players;-)lol
I agree with Betty. This is the best god damn stationary store I've ever been to.
Went on the weekend. Ordered the Big Bang with fries. Got violently ill.... Never going there again
Wow...    The Mixed Berry Pancakes are out of this world good.,,,  My Server Angie was the best :-)
Drinks are pretty terrible, staff is pretty rude, decor is good. Won't be coming back.
Staff always helpful, place looks clean.  When ya gotta have Burger King, this is a good one!
Great gym and the best trainers! Come in and check them out, you'll be glad you did!!
Best food in the southside,amazing atmosphere,$2pbr.. .win
Club sucks big time
Great choices!! Crepes was delicious very friendly owner!!! Caramel Macchiato highly recommended!!
Great food, Tuesday gave us great service, recommend this place and will be coming back. Thank you.
Don't get it.  Here on a Weds after a DBacks game.   Nothing going on.   I'm rolllling out....
This is a beautiful community setting, the food is outstanding and the service is warm and friendly!
great food. Amazing taste. calamari for appetizer is highly recommended. enjoy ...
Great spot for dinner.  Good wine and seafood.  Casual yet intimate.  Very nice.
Excellent casino. Great rooms and customer service. I would like to recommend this place to all.
Food is decent.  Not sure why people go crazy for it.  Bad service.  Decent American food.get
Great service, 50's diner atmosphere, and the vanilla ice cream is amazing.  Highly recommended!!!
Excellent job of architecture, lighting, shops to really make you feel far from the Vegas Desert.
Saw a different doctor today, really liked him! Did. Great job on my aches and pains
Best oatmeal chocolate and chocolate chunk cookies in Toronto!
I ordered veg meals. I could eat many kind of curry. Some  of them tasted good.
Leo is "Da Man"!! Ask for him and he'll give you a free cup of ice!!! Hahahahaha hahahahaha
Super nice people, no complaints about service.  Seems too good to be true!
Best Indian food I had in Pittsburgh. Love the Saag! Highly Recommend it!
The sushi is really fresh n the remember free sake every wed!!!
Great home style meals. Good food and good service. Breakfast all day and senior specials.
Authentic Italian food. Tasted just like the one in NYC. Would highly recommend this spot.
This is the best chicken sandwich I've ever had! Service was okay prices are very reasonable.
Customer service is something this place has never heard of. Take your money elsewhere!
Great boba and great place to chill. Pick your own toppings and choose from variety of drinks.
Reopening new drinks new menu so good ,  must to try, new promotion on drinks too . Delicious!
Legit Indian food with a nice patio. What else do you want me to say?
Matzo ball soup - love this place.  Nice selection and great service.
I had a great experience at Massage 1.  Symone is an excellent therapist. I will see her regularly.
Business is closed.  No more chairs or tables. Yelp please notify the rest of the Yelpers.
Good place to meet up for a drink after work. Good selection of brews, wait time too long.
Stayed here for a night. Awesome! Love their huge bathroom!
I went to get a laptop charger. I was in and out within a minute. Very happy about that. Thank you!
Had the poke salmon bowl. Was pretty fresh but the portion was too damn small for the price....
Always a pleasure. Friendly and courteous service
Waste of time it's like the employees hate seeing costumers it's smells like sweaty balls
My wife loved the Prenatal Message. 10/10.  While I waited I burnt some time at the Comic store.
The chilaquiles were the bomb ! The guy who took my order was very.  My food was fresh and hot
Literally the BEST iced coffee in the history of the world!!
Really enjoyed this place. They had so many little delicious extras that make the meal amazing!
Always consistently good.  Try the All America Pita Burger.
What great food. The owner has such a great story. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
The food so fresh and delicious. And they have a mango lemonade so good , thk you asian Corner Cafe
The best damn pizza in las vegas!!!
Great guacamole, margaritas, and fajitas were delicious.   Bday parties get tequila shots!!!
Not a good company. Not worth your time.Try a different place. Chipped my furniture while moving.
Their fluffer nutter butter (shakes) is the best !!!
Travis is awesome!
So far the best ramen i had in Vegas. The fried rice is pretty good, it's a small portion tho.
Lavender honey latte is lovely! $4.85 before tip, worth a stop!
Thank you so much for help me find a place so quickly! Great service :)
Unique food
Clean nice shop!! Fredy does an awesome job!!! Nice fade on my 8yr old!! We will be back!
Great costumer service, food comes in a timely manner. Clean establishment. I would come again.
Wow! Just wish this place was not on the strip. It should be across the street from my house!
I was very pleased with Hello Tech. Michael was professional and knowledgeable.  Great service!
Great food - fun atmosphere.  Worth the trip from the east side!
Best Korean food in Charlotte by far. Don't go anywhere else, your wasting your time.
The best salon ever. Joni is not only a nice guy but he is the best barber I've ever seen
Good prices, fun sales, conveniently close to me. Wish they had unfrozen liver for my dogs!
Best views and happy hour in Cleveland. The Lobster Bisque and Clam Chowder are amazing!
Best bartenders and happy hour (new menu!) on this side of town.
Good mexican food and nice service. I recommend
"no question best BBQ in valley. try the Midwestern monster, yummy in my tummy."
We used to love going there, but unfortunately can not support rape apologists.
Very chill environment. Nice place to stop by and get some light snack.
A local favorite.  Unpretentious, amazing food and friendly staff.  Definitely try the rack of lab!
Consistent with other Glendale stores. They haven't messed my order up yet.
I cannot get past this place. Best Boston cr me on the planet
Love the place for lunch especially for their salads. Nice wide windows. Cool concept.
BIG pulled pork sandwich, succulent, delicious, priced-right.
Great service, good value and fantastic people. I trust my business with Jared and State Farm!
Dr. Boesel is great!! Too bad the girl who is in scheduling does not have costumer service skill.
I'm a health nut but I will indulge on some POAF!
Regular entertainment, comedy shows, and theme nights. This year's Halloween was a BLAST!
Favorite place in the district!!!  Christine waited on us today! We will be going back very soon!
The food is the best in paradise area 100% recommended. Your pizza and wings fantastic.
still waiting....
Great Atmosphere... But thats it. Don't want to go back
Best salsa around!!! Our favorite Mexican restaurant to go to. The staff is very friendly.
Great service and the best potato pancakes. Love this place.  Come here every chance I get.
Ramen was yummy. Pork belly bowl was yummy. Gyoza was yummy. No complaints.
Great staff always friendly and offer a great tasting and speedy service
Pumpkin spice mocha milkshake is awesome (as is everything here).
Yum... bottomless mimosas and brunch are on point! I just tried their coldpress coffee delicious!
Arrive, great presentation today.  You are a security expert and I will use your services.
Great price for drinks..but bartender is a total douche and needs to get fired.
Best buffet. Amazing value deal. Kids prices.
Goodtimes, love bartender Nikki, GIlbert, & waitress Rose.
Nice quiet air conditioned. Lol. She helps my pain, and pays attention toe.
Amazing tacos! It is plain and simple but truly delicious
Excellent!  Every dish is like a work of Art. Wonderful atmosphere, excellent food and service!
Second time I have used Prestige and they have been great both times!
Blue is a great place to grab drinks, listen to good music, and all the staff is great!!
The best hole in the wall mexican food I have found in Vegas. The burritos are absolutely perfect.
Wings are fantastic, i ordered the honey habanero and wow they were the best i have ever had.
Great selection, cheap rentals and friendly staff.
Fast, clean, and nice workers. Great to grab breakfast quickly. Hash browns 2 for $1.49!!
First visit here was great, the customer service was fucking fantastic m! Go see Lola!
Portions are huge and taste amazing. the way bbq should be done. the people here are just fantastic!
Very good service great with appointments.
Probably my favorite Mexican food in Pittsburgh. A bit out of the way, but worth the side trip.
These guys are great!  Very professional and helpful with glasses or contacts!
Really good food, with friendly waitresses. Very nice environment to eat in. Highly recommended.
Dr. Dumler is great! helped me out tremendously with my "Sciatic Pain" I highly recommend him
I really enjoyed todays food at Red Robbin.
Love the orange chicken.   Interior and staff need an update.
Couldn't have been better.  Friendly staff and driver from the airport.  Great car selection.
If you love cheese this is the place. Super friendly service and you can try before you buy!
It's now called Sweet Turtle Dessert... dessert are disappointing. Not as good as it used to be..
As advertised.  A dive with pretty tasty tacos. They weren't groundbreaking or divine, however.
Very nice dinner for a first in Montreal.  Tasty food and good wine. Good service too.
I go on weekends for breakfast. It's cheap and staff is friendly and it's always good.
Pretty good food somewhat clean bathrooms, price is right. Especially the table top specials.
The sushi is fresh and its very good.   Recommend the Island Special Roll.
Absolutely amazing chicken madras and lamb vindaloo! Attentive service, nice dining room.
Good Mexican food and family run restaurant Jose and Raul. Place nice and clean highly recommended.
Don't like the change and no longer get a cookie with the Pick 2. Didn't get out receipt.
Fun Fun Fun! Most of the bus drivers are great and its a great way to spend a hot day!!
Best Columbian food ever , the service is quick and the environment is amazing and different
Great food, the owner is an awesome guy!!i had chicken pesto panini with eggplant i loved it.
I needed my battery replaced in my watch.  It was fix in just a few minutes.   Great place.  Thanks!
Here are some photos of our bed. We only slept on on for two nights but so far so comfortable.
I got a Laffa with eggplant took 2 bites and throw it to the garbage. It was disgusting...
It is so nice to go there and walk around. There are a lot of nice people there to talk to.
Very good service and an enjoyable meal.  I'll gladly go back.
Meat was delicious very nicely spiced price was good person at the counter was friendly
Sunday PM.  Thank you for your help with my battery.  It is much appreciated!  Jeffery
Casual atmosphere, good sandwiches and wraps, beers on tap, and low prices.
Good price for oil change, rotation and alignment check!!
Hidden gem! Such delicious food and friendly service.
Very knowledgeable and helpful staff. Very reasonable prices piercing service & jewelry.
Food was fantastic. Service was great. You're paying the big bucks but you know why.
Big portions of that island flavor.  BUGGAH IS WINNAHZ.  Deserts are home made and broke da mout.
Great cigar store.... Large selection and great prices... Family owned!
Great food, great view, and awesome location and they have corn hole, Connect four and Jenga.
Place has seen better days, but at least they've upgraded the sound system.
Has the best deserts in all of charlotte!!!!!!!!!! at any time. also super cute little bakery.
Best pizza in vegas.  Reminds me of being in Italy.  The wood burning oven is the key.
Very sweet sisters own this place. Very professional and personal service.
You will never find a better mocha. Ever. Nice place for celebrity spotting too in the summer.
When did Earl's stop serving pizza?!?! So disappointing! Still, good food and great staff.
Great service! Customer service was top notch and I look forward to using them again.
Very fast and complete car cleaning.  The price is right and cashier gives discounts on your phone.
dont do to this nail salon!!! they stole $1000 from my sister and accused her of "misplacing it"!!!
Should be better. As far as Sunday Brunch I will go back to Spoonwood Brewing Company.
She takes pride in her work! Pays attention to details. A definite must go to nail salon!!
Excellent, quality sushi & Japanese dishes.  Great sake & asian beers.
Great burgers one of the best I have had. French onion soup is fantastic.
Great place - clean - my artist has solid skills in old school ink and has amazing customer service
Fail-proof nachos, good poutine and good burritos. Laid back atmosphere and friendly service.
The lunch specials are a great deal. My favorite is the orange chicken. :)
Really good food and a good selection.  The shack burro is great!
new mgr with a brain and a smile!!
Nice enough but "too busy" to attend to guests in the way you like for a spa.
Ms Amanda is awesome. I get compliments all the time on how my porcelain skin looks so good.
SICK SHOW!!! I hope they extend their contract. My wife and I LOVED it!!!
Good food  Service is slow Drinks are good I'm always overheated in there  A fun easy spot to visit
Great place for a quick fix of you tai cuisine craving
Excellent nachos;feed a group of 4...no need to order one for each person. Generous portions....
Great variety of food. Excellent service, the staff very friendly.  Quiet and relaxing atmosphere!
Really good fresh food, lots of choices. And really nice staff. They also have vegetarian options.
Very professional and friendly did an awesome job my carpet looks and smells like new. Thank you
Unreal cookies. Absolutely delicious, fresh and perfect! The icy cold milk dispenser is amazing!
Excellent place to eat, almost as good as Joe's Barbeque
I just purchased a Tres Leches Cake from here and it was delicious. Everyone loved it!
If you want a bagel done right, come to this Wlidflower location....
Man they did a bad job cleaning my interior. I think I will do it myself next time.
The food was really amazing! The cooking staff was really top notch and the manager it's great
Love this place. Great happy hour. Nice ambiance. Great prices and high quality. Thanks!
Pretty waitresses, average food, slow service. There are better choices in this area of Scottsdale.
new hot spot for summer desserts and fruits tea are nice. fried pork rice is good too.
Nice and clean inside but food is very bad !! Not only fish ... Rice and noodle was not good too.
Fun and good food, but painfully overpriced.
Great Dr and staff. Fixed me up and a good deal too!
Great place to donate plasma and get paid for it! Not bad at all and get to watch the game.
Great Place was seen in a very clean and state of the art office with very friendly staff
You drive bumper cars and try to score points with a ball.  Beer is served, and hilarity ensues.
. 100 Million dollar club YES thats right  100 Mill
Really clean, freshly remodeled hotel with great views, staff and food. Very nice.
Cozy pub with some traditional Irish fare on the menu.
It's a place to have fun and interact with the art and take great pictures, helpful employees.
For some reason a phone call takes priority over someone who drives to the store in person.
Got a facial which was very good, the front desk employee's need to improve their attitude.
Good beer,  live music, hella hot waitresses. Good food. Great place for downtown phoenix.
Bad place found bugs in my beer and they refused to acknowledge it, waste of money!!!!!
Fantastic bar. Great beer selection. Best wings in town hands down. Service is friendly and quick.
Friendly customer service. Prompt and efficient, Would highly recommend to a friend.
Horrendous and dry nachos. Hands down one of the worst Mexican restaurants I've ever eaten at.
Lovely space, friendly staff...I ordered the chipotle pasta dish and didn't love it for the price
Great tasting soft serve, super friendly staff. Awesome experience at this dessert place!
Best dentist in AZ!  My family and I have been going here for 20 years.  Great friendly staff!
Service Great - Rosemarie helpful in selecting drinks. Food great as well. Price reasonable.
Great place really enjoyed their halibut and chips and yes their fries are home cut-delicious
The server Macy was super sweet the manager was an ass will never go back to this hooters ever again
Amazing rib eye street tacos and perhaps the best flan of our lives!  We'll be back very soon.
Great surprise for a buffet, large selection, and great desert options.  Highly recommend
The food was excellent. If we lived in Vegas it would definitely be a hangout for my hubby and I.
Great cigar shop with good selection and good service.
Best Pizza in town served by the friendliest most effecient waitstaff ever!
Go for cheap drinks and 2 for 1 rolls, not for high a quality foodie experience.
Good Chinese food. Decent prices.
Really love this place. Out of the way. Worth it. Good food. Great beer. Plenty of parking.
total dive bar.... paper plates, over-cooked food, yucky.....
Highly recommend, great food and atmosphere! Visit Ben at the bar-makes awesome drinks!
Huge plates of fantastic tasting Italian food!  I love Carmines.
Average for a Walmart as far as service, has a wide selection but the Isle are usually in disarray.
Love this place! Awesome vegetarian subs
Great environment and Anthony is a delightful guy.  Recommend highly.
Best Mexican food I ever had by a mile  And amazing staff   I wish they had more locations  A+++
Very Nice gym. Very Clean and affordable. 24 hour Entry. Nice Staff.
They offer a variety of professionals who will work with you to reach your cleaning goals.
Nice atmosphere, with great food and friendly service. I recommend the tamarind beef.
Best margaritas in Charlotte - fresh squeezed and not too sweet - awesome atmosphere.
It's not possible to put into words how good the tortilla soup here is!
Best foot long hot dogs in the world!!!
Good service but food was a pass. Too much salt in the Bolognese and the pasta was overly boiled.
Always a pleasure great service interesting and wonderful menu ... Can't wait to go back
I love this place. The happy hippie offers comfort, style, and quality rolled into one.
Very good pizza and calzones!  Delivery is normally quick and easy.
Fun, relaxing atmosphere, with great crazy tasting burger combinations!
Good late night Chinese food. A little on the pricey side, but hey for 2am. I can't complain.
This is the new best place in town for breakfast; Everything taste great, excellent service
Excellent menu, good prices, great service.  Had the turkey dinner and it was like thanksgiving.
Stunning, trees, shade, four pools, tennis. Stylish and military discounts. Super place.
If Naruto was a real person...then this place would be his number one stop in Vegas!
Its good, cheap, quick down home mexican food!  I love it!!! :]
Very nice staff...good selection..normal Petco selection....clean store...it's brand new
Costco, Home Depot, and BBQ Island, do I really need to shop anywhere else??
Amazing selection and great flavors. Always busy and easy to get to if your already at San tan mall.
This is SO small. Not worth the cab fare let alone the $20 fee. Thought it would be so much more.
Food was great, as usual, tequila was amazing, and we were seated by the owner. Great service.
A long time family favorite! It isn't a proper family get together without Stanley's pierogis!
Reuben Benedict and Chicken Fried Steak! Free Pot of Bread offer redeemed! Lovely people and place!
Great fresh sushi . The service was great . Prices were very reasonable . I like rockin roll ..
Alex did an excellent job. Very professional & friendly I love my lashes!! #masterartist
parking situation is horrible. You can barely find one spot at the top floor of the garage.
Poke!! The food was great! Seaweed salad was fantastic, and our server Louis was awesome!
Love the Crossiants and Chicken Salad!! Delicious. And there is free wifi...That is a win-win.
kind of a hole in the wall place, but the best chicken & waffles I've had!
Excellent customer service was provided. Highly recommended. Solved problem very quickly.
Had the restaurant to ourselves for lunch. Enjoyed the Turkish coffee and atmosphere!
Nice locals spot.  A good place to catch some forgotten talent in concert on the cheap.
Great place, very nice receptionist. Super pleased with my massage . Very relaxing atmosphere
alpha phi gamma loves cefiore!!! :)
One of the worst places to go in Toronto.. They don't have any idea what style means.
Lots of people close their drive thru on a Friday night and have ants on the counter.  Keep driving.
Do not ever go to this place they will lie and rip you off...very unprofessional and rude...
Good food, good service and the margaritas were good just as advertised!
A very nice family-style restaurant for (mainly) take-out Thai food.
I took my iPod for repair and found them very honest and professional.  i was very impressed.
Excellent food and service. Kids loved it too. Nice atmosphere. Save room for desserts.
The Friday fish fry is really good, beers a little pricey and appetizers are nothing special.
Like I said best Shepard's pie and Rueben sandwiches. Irish music awesome staff and, oh yeah cigars.
Nice employees, great service and decent prices. Pitbull friendly.
Food is good. Sat in the bar and the bartenders are nice.
Love the staff here! Prices are reasonable, and they do their jobs quickly and efficiently.
It is hard to find. It is on the third floor down an unmarked hallway. Loved the white pizza slice.
You must have the Ceviche.  Best in town.  Our server was extremely proficient and personable.
Great food and atmosphere. Sweet potato waffle fries are the best. Great for Pirate games.
Great breakfast spot, pancakes were delicious, service was great.
Cool place but cocktail were sour! Pool closed no corn hole/bags. Bartenders not good!!!!
I love this place!  Absolutely amazing!  Great breakfast and sweets!  AND YES!  it's VEGAN!
Great fast service!  I regularly shop wit them when parts are needed!
Great food and ice cream. Grab it on the go and head to the beach.
Had to update a new review because I've been back so many times in this year! Keep up the good work.
What a relief to find a great salon . Great service and very accommodating. Thank you
I love this place. The red velvet pancakes are second to none and ever other dish is awesome!!
I love this place! They are so friendly, helpful and always deliver super quickly!
This is such a hidden jewel for a cozy French breakfast or lunch. I highly recommend it!
Nice place to grab a cocktail in Shadyside. Great happy hours.
Ehhh can't complain..they could smile a bit more
Great place! Quality! Quantity! Best steak my brother John and I have had in years!
Quick update while I'm writing reviews today...  THESE ARE STILL DELICIOUS..   Thanks, that is all.
Fourth year renting Jet Skiis from ABC Bicycle and Jet Skiis. Looking forward to another great time.
Beautiful property .. Nice people working there , form the Valet to the front desk.. Very pleasant !
Lv massage has the best value in town very good massage you have to come down if your in Vegas
Luv the egg benedict here The blue and chew pancake was also good. Free coffee served here
Decent noodles, not that exciting.
good food and quality service..if you don't want in a wait list come early specially weekends!
Pretty cool place. Drinks aren't cheap but a fun experience for the pallet.
Best carne asada in the area! A bit hard to find. It is right next door to the dollar store
Hell yes! That's great yogurt... better than mojo by far
Average pizza and the interior was a bit on the dirty side for my liking
i love it here. Came to get dinner, gamble, and watch a movie I will return
Great food, connection tables are cool.
Best ramen ever!!! I love it! No other comment or review needed lol they are good at what they do^^
Great establishment, AMAZING customer service and they had highly quality jewelry to select from.
Jillian is the BEST! Food was good MARTINI's were better. Love this place! Service is amazing!!!!!
Love Brian on trivia nights!  Food is delish, drinks come fast! Atmosphere is open to every
Good beer good wine. The people are a little shady from the bartender to the customers.
Forty years of classic hot dogs and mammoth buckets of fries.
My favorite Italian restaurant! They have the best pasta, drinks and awesome desserts!!!
Amazing friendly service! Great food! I have yet to have something I didn't like. So yummy!
Looks like Marie Calendars again... so glad!  missed the pies
Great food, great location! I've tried almost everything on the menu, and it is all amazing.
Food and service was awesome.  Highly recommend.  We will return during our next trip to Vegas.
The BBQ Beef lunch special is on point! Fair proportion, and the BBQ sauce tops it all off.
only been there one time abit congested with traffic
Good frozen yogurt! My favorite kind is boysenberry!
Greeeat place! I would travel to Canada every day just for the mango cheesecake shaved ice!
It's a great place! High quality work and stuff with great sense of humor. Highly recommend!
Will is the man! He made me a fan of gin (and I've never loved gin). Best pizza! Best drinks! Sold!
CJ is the man ! Only seen him two times so far but i will definitely keep coming back.
Really fun atmosphere and great nachos! Had the margarita flight and it was a fun twist!
Good food, reasonable prices. I've been to the location on Univ avenue and it's pretty good.
Not bad food for okay prices.  Don't really recommend the buffet but the made to order is good.
Fun venue, saw phantogram here and really enjoyed it, spacious and sound proof, great new spot.
great food, place and service the best.
Fixed my flat tire relatively quickly and got me on my way.
I love this place... The people there are very kind and the food is excellent... Real Mexican food
Good prices, quality, helpful and friendly.  Lots to choose from
Love their hot and sour soup. I've always come here for this dish. Love the spicy feel!
Fast, cheapest phone repair I've had and it came with a free glass screen. Will be going back!
food ok, service is bad, no courtesy at all specially the lady with the long hair
run by super nice people and it's fun, even for adults. we had a great time.
Great meal and friendly though slightly aloof staff. Loved their cream of mushroom and leek soup!
Great BBQ!
Can't remember what I was going to say. The Pimento cheese and chips was that good!!!
Friendly staff. As far as the food is concerned, there are more-authentic alternatives out there.
Best pasta in the world!!!! Get the farfalle!!!! It is AMAZING!!!!!!! My fav pasta spot in the city!
Really yummy smoothies, but the employees here are always so unfriendly and uninviting.
Sad news - we went for breakfast 11/14/15 and there's a sign that it's closed :-(.
love this place can get everything done at once great hairstlists massages mani pedi and much more
Academy Mortgage was awesome. I couldn't of asked for a better experience.
Great food. Did not expect it to be as nice inside as it was. HUGE portions. Good service.
Nice relaxed atmosphere. Wonderful music. Yummy rice bowls. I'll see ya there.
Great chicken and waffles, Caesar salad and Brussel sprouts...   service was excellent.
Best pizza in the area.  Great people.  Nice location.  Try the Braveheart.  Awesome!
if you lucky enough to see a good band or singer this place is the bomb :)
Pathetic Food Ever Had! Totally dis-appointed. Trying to fool Indian people on name of Indian Food.
Good quality chinese food for a buffet!
It's very good and the employees are great.  I'm going to be back soon!!!
Manager went above and beyond to help us.  The food is good and atmosphere is nice.  Kristin & Jeff
Best tacos in Vegas  We will definitely be back !!had tacos de carne asada with guacamole !!
Decor sympatique, plats de qualit  mais les portions sont vraiment trop petites. Service passable.
Great little deli. Very friendly staff take good care of customers and the food is fantastic
The food is good but the restaurant needs fresh clean paint and definitely new flooring.
Chill place.  They do real fruits for some of thier drinks.  Orders are fast.  Nice people.
Great food, great service. Breakfast hit the spot... twice on my last visit to Phoenix!
Horrible tasting, if you want to know what cardboard taste like check this place out.
Awsome hawaian twist on sashimi
Generous portions of smoked meat. Tender and juicy! The Mac n chess's side was delicious!
Kid friendly.  Clean and quick. Super nice.  Did a great job on my gel nails that lasted two weeks.
Awesome food. Owner of this place cooked awesome daal himself as it was late and kitchen was closed.
Had a great time Lionel Richie put on a good show just total great music, made me SMILE
I used to love this place! It's awful!  Never again!
Amazing vada pav, kachori and chaat :) I will come back sure to taste other things as well.
Great margaritas! We used the yelp deal to get massive 44 oz frozen margaritas for only $9!
I just bit into a staple in my RCK Original box. Sorry but I won't be returning to RCK!
Love this place and their eggs benedict, a definite go-to breakfast  place for hubby and I!
Loved the Panini...the bread is make there and ingredients is fresh..You gotta try this restaurant!
Never book anything with these people save your money. Customer service doesn't exist.
My move went really smooth . Will definitely recommend Busch movers.
Drinks are on expensive side. Beautiful patio! Fratellini with lobster were delicious.
Great place to take the kids for the day. ESP. Love the zoo lights!
Amazing food. Great service. Eric rocks....!  It is little pricy. I enjoyed soup the most
The lavender lemonade was phenomenal! Burger was great but the overnight oats was the winner!!!!
Used to be my favorite branch , not any more! Always very short on people, and super long lines!!!!!
I've always had a good experience here, and it's super convenient if you live in greenfield!
This costume store was super cool!  Would love to come back closer to Halloween to purchase costumes
If you don't mind being tortured and disrespected, this is the place for you.
Yummy BBQ! Brisket was amazing and everything else was just mouth watering. Kids killed it.
Best cafe in Charlotte ...Great food..gorgeous ambience...and the French sodas...
What an efficient and friendly place to get  great service on your Apple products! I shall return.
Best pork bone soup and tofu soup I've ever had in Toronto. So soft and flavourful.
By far one of my favorite restaurants! I love the shrimp scampi!!! its amazing!!!
Thanks for hooking me up, love the fade. Location is clean and staff is super friendly.
Food was Ok... Service not very good , No napkin, fork, or offered Ketchup for fries..
Great location, decor, menu, service.
You have to try the elote!  The food and service is great. Shows south side is up and coming.
My son can be a challenge at the dentist. They do a good job of working with him.
Kim and Karla are the best at designing nails , Always make a appointment before you go
Hotdogs are never hot no bite to them overpriced...this is all i really wanted to say...
Burgers here taste great and made to order.  I like that they have a vegetarian burger as well.
Not a terrible hotel, but the staff was rude and there was nothing to offset that.
I'm from Virginia and this is the best crystal shop I've ever been to! By far my favorite
This place is bomb good. I love the karaage chicken, hopefully this could be kept on the menu.
So-so food, sky high prices, and staff that just doesn't seem to care.
Soooo yummy! Chicken teriyaki with broccoli and you can add avocado now! Customer service was great.
Took a bit to get through the drive-thru but drink tastes good and associate was nice :)
Dr. Schultz is the best! Every time I got into his office I come out feeling like a million bucks!
My bestie and I love coming to Flower Child.  I love the Mother Earth and Sichuan green beans.
Found a hair in my sub, bread sucked, and so did the meat. Don't waste your time or money. Yikes.
just a place for gas and coffee and a few other things has electric car chargers tesla chargers
Excellent!!! That's all you need to know. Try it.
for me, dessert is very fantastic, I love their dessert especially gelato is so so good.
Service is awesome, and the food is great.  Nice "Mexican" feel, and homey atmosphere.
Claudia and her team delivered a wonderful dining experience only matched by the views.
Tasty sandwich.  The guy behind the counter knew how to use a knife, quick service
Vegas is pretty rugged. Bring your bedazzler and a bunch of cash, oh yeah and some earplugs.
Their gravy looks like tarmac i could use this to make roads
Great food and perfect service at a great price.. Def would recommend it and come back!!
Great neighborhood bar!!! Great food , staff and Brian the manager is awesome :) HH is awesome !
Cool idea to have a barber shop in a bar. Didn't get a pint but maybe next time I will...
Main courses are fantastic, Appetizers are so so. Good service, never too busy. Limited wine list.
Not very familiar with Thai food. Tried the Pad See Iwe with chicken and #4 spicy. AWESOME!
My car is BEAUTIFUL!!! It looks and smells (I smoke) like a new car!!! What a fantastic job!
Four stars: The buffet is good. I won money playing the slots. 'Tis all.
Great food, however the noise is just to much to enjoy the meal.
Super carte, bon service et ambiance feutr e! Parfait pour un repas   deux ou entre amis!
Far better options in the same area. Unless you are just craving red lobster skip it.
My 2nd time eating here and food and service is amazing.  Plus super clean.  Love it
Poor customers service. Inexperienced staff and EXTREMELY rude manager
Katie was great  I ate in the bar got all the fixings bread relish tray and everything was perfect
Fast service, good food!  Recommend highly
The Pollo Taco was so good! We will definitely be back!
Very professional service. Stripped outdoor furniture prior to painting. Very helpful advice.
wonderful service. owners that care. a rare find these days
Wonderful food, amazing service, memorable experience
Definetely best rolls in the neighbourhood!  Salad sauce is delicios, too
Rita's is open....Yippee!!  The best Italian Ice....I'll be a frequent customer!!  Love it!!
Excellent pizza. White one was awesome! Limited seating or standing if you can find this pizza shop.
Top notch fish, preparation, and service.  Delightful experience.
Thieves, I had material stolen from car. Don't trust these bums.
Pretty Good.. food fresh at 4.30pm. Room is a little on the dark side.
Had a great lunch with my wife, service was real good. First time here,will come again.
Great service by Kristen! Excellent service and help during the entire week. I highly recommend.
I am obsessed with their almond cookies. The lemon almond ones are exceptionally life changing!
They don't have a gunsmith right now, so receive the lowest ranking.  Will update.
Longer wait then going to ER. One doctor for 5 plus patients. Drive somewhere else! Trust me!
Super yummy!!! Never had waffles like these before. Also very clean and nice atmosphere.
Great meal the lobster ravioli. Chad our waiter was the best. Very good for a chain restaurant.
Their chicken marsala is the best! The also have fantastic blackberry sangria!
This store was great, my wait was minimal, oil change and tire rotation was done quickly.
Fun. Not too pricey. Office smells like bad septic. But staff was very helpful. Would go again.
Thank you for exceeding my expectations resetting my diamonds!!!!!  Love my new ring!!!!!!!
Excellent Hotel! You really feel like you are in New York City when you are in the hotel!
Coffee was sub standard and nowhere close to Crema which i was looking for. The space is nice.
Bad Service, terribly cooked food. So bad. Ill never come back even though i love hawaiian food.
Kevin the mgr/owner is very nice. Bought a nail clipper and two fine nail fine $2.  small store.
Great selection of pasta, and they are very tasty! It's a perfect spot for family & takeouts.
Posted updated review.
The BEST cupcakes ever! And the people working there are always so friendly.
Yummmm!  Great price , very filling, super healthy and so fresh. Ummm yeah i loved it.
Nice place.  Good server.  Clean and lots of variety.  My kids got a kick out of the revolving belt.
The best tacos I've had in years!! BOH is on point!! Try it... be like NiKE and just do IT!
easy to drive by. not much to look at, but the food is great. I call ahead for faster service.
Very reliable business and surprisingly they were available for same day service! Perfect results!
Seems slightly over-priced but nice location, nice view, perfect food.
I love this shop during the holidays. It is like a Christmas Wonderland. You must visit!
Best BBQ in Concord. You can order online and pick up now. Doesn't get much easier or better!
Big fan of Rita's for over 5 years.  Try the Gelati.  Be sure to check in on Yelp for a coupon.
Love the place, love the service and the food is perfection. I highly recommend Sa Fran !
There was a lot of food for $6.   Love the Hatch chiles. So good and I am stuffed!!!
The best UPS store in town. The services they provide is outstanding.  All thumbs up!!
Love this place. This stop is a must on my way to work. Just wish there was one closer to my house.
The best place to go late at night when you are very hungry. I have always loved the shakes here!
10 out of 10 will go again.. had the tasting menu and it almost melted my face off with greatness ..
My pants were hemmed nicely and at a good price. Friendly owners that can speak Chinese and English.
Possibly the worst food I have had, I couldn't even finish my dinner. It was overpriced as well.
Great burgers, nice old school diner atmosphere. Will definitely be back
fresh homemade food, very clean kitchen and lovely service
My optometrist is great, but man, the staff's customer service is pathetic.
The spicy teriyaki chicken was amazing. Unfortunately they were out of crab cakes when I went.
Hotel room is small but clean and cheap. On par with a best western or something similar.
Amazing. The sweet greens juice is best juice I've ever had.  The food is really good too.
Best sushi I've tasted the 5 months I live in PHX. We went for happy hour. Good prices.
Great dumplings much cheaper and less pretentious than the hipster place across town.
Extremely fast service, cheap prices, and very friendly! I would highly recommend!!!!
Nice papri chaat & kulfi but very lame gol gappe (pani purre) ...
Fast and friendly service, good food and reasonably priced.
A great club for dancing with a much better than average Vegas crowd. I liked the smaller setting.
Cheap and excellent quality asian foods! I always enjoy stopping by here to shop.
great place absolutely love the Boygers
It's a mall. I guess not bad- for a mall. The best part is Bass Pro Shop and Popeye's Chicken.
Great coffee, sandwiches, and pastries. Chocolate almond croissant would be my go to pastry.
So the gift shop is always amazing i love it. The food is okay. Nothing great. But service is good.
Some of the best BBQ around, be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs! YUM!
Bright, welcoming walls! Excellent Belgian waffle! Friendly server! Happy to have one in the NW!
Love the trails, love the educational space. Beautiful building. Education staff is rocking!
Best cob salad! Great beer selection. Meatloaf amazing.
I'm pretty sure I just had Great Value sweet & sour, but so are their prices ...dinner combo #4
We love this place! Great wine and their fig & prosciutto flat bread is so so so delicious.
Fun place to eat.Great service from Margarette and very good Pad Thia and curry.
Yuppie Posh place to get sleek furniture, expensive clothing and nice places to eat with the family.
This place has great meat selections and friendly service. The drinks are strong and well made!
Love it! shhhh great food, great prices, home baked pita gotta get the desert-
Great place to grab food to fill you up when on a budget always a go to. Between checks.
Lines are always long.  But it's nice to save 10 bucks when you filling up a large suv.
Great food, excellent service for exception price.  You MUST try it if you are in Chandler!
Why is this theater so filthy? Dirty! Trash and popcorn all over the floor! CLEAN THIS PLACE!
That popcorn shop is why I stop by the Miracle Mile on the strip. Just popcorn lovers heaven!
closed 10/09
My favorite course.  Great people.  Great food.  Anyone giving this less than 4-stars is crazy.
Great pho at a great price! And very quick! 'Nuff said.
Quick spot to get lunch during the Conf Cobb salad with Margarita
How come the Hawaii people get off the airplane and run to here??  The food is not bad.
God I love this place! Black and tans and shepherds pie, really make the perfect night for me!
I find Quiznos just poor value for what you get. Give me Subway any day.
Great service, great food, great view of the Bellagio fountain... no more need be said!
I'm born and raised in San Diego, Cali. And all I got to say is that the food reminds me of home.
Had LaRon help me with my tires.  What a great guy!  Great Service
Best carne asada I've ever had. Super friendly people too. Gotta have the ranchera marinated steak.
It's a great place to an relax. Women have there spots to go relax. Men we have ours now .
Had a great experience. Work done in a timely manner, everyone really friendly and honest.
We got an awesome tv for a great price. They were extremely friendly and not pushy on sales.
I know it's a chain! But you can never go wrong! Always great food, and the servers are spot on!
This place is awesome!! MUST get highlights and cut...or anything hair...done by Sandy Wilson!!!
Double chocolate cake w ganache was excellent, good coffee and great service. Try the ugly cookie!
I love coming here for my lunch break they get my food out quickly and the staff is very friendly!!#
Amazing staff! Incredibly friendly and helpful.
The chicken wings with out the bone are the best I've had in quite a while.
Me and my friends frequently refer to palo verde as the best bar in america
Stopped in today for cigars.  Great help and a nice selection.  The expansion is very nice.
These guys were nice enough to hook me up with free salsa b/c they happened to be out of guacamole.
Little dive bar with most nights taken over by Karaoke. Drinks fair priced. Owner is bartender.
Terrible service better off ordering home. took 20 min for water and over a hour for the food.
Great shop with knowledgeable staff. A little pricey but I guess most bike shops are in this area.
Great menu, great food, dog friendly on the patio. Always our first choice!
Had the apple cider and it was delicious. Glad my husband and I discovered this cute caf .
loved the curry chicken wrap i got! this place is yummy as hell!
She is the absolute best but she's now down at 24th and Osborn Rd. Across street from Meineke.
Grilled potstickers, moo shu pork, cashew chicken. Yum!!
Get the gamblers special - 7.77 Steak and shrimp Yummy
Second visit, love this place. Food is very good, great atmosphere and excellent service.
Don't miss this spot when in Phx area.  a 'must for your spring training itinerary
Great food and even better service!   Def. try the NEW York Strip if you are a steak lover.
No matter how strict the door staff is this place is always an overpriced cockfest
Went here for drinks last night. Decent but overpriced cocktails. Meh kinda service. Weird decor
Matty did a great job!  She kept the class very engaging and hands on.  Would highly recommend!
Amazing work. Great guy. Love my new tint!
Loved the nachos here. Big portions. Wait wasn't too bad on a Saturday.  Would go again
I did not have a good experience. I wanted to like it but too many things went wrong for me.
Above-average American-Mexican fast food. Good salsa bar. My wife swears by the fish tacos.
Very good store. Great selection and very competitive prices Staff very helpful and nice!
Fajitas with burnt vegetables and a chx quesadilla with 8# of cheese, zero vegetables. I'll pass.
Love this place. Not to many hipsters or college peeps. Low key great service and affordable.
Very nice people where warm and you had a welcome feeling . The Paster is young and very nice.
Took my family of 5 spent a fortune, and did not taste like it smells. Don't think I will be back.
We have a love hate relationship
Best Gluten free vegan pizza in the world!!!
I love my home base Starbucks in Centennial Hills....
Had a procedure done by Sabrina. Very good and would recommend her anytime.
Very helpful and knowledgeable staff. They don't push brands or gimmicks.
Great customer service, Great products and the best juice in the city. Would never go anywhere else.
the miso cod and snow crab cooked dishes are to die for .. as well grade a sushi perfection
Very nice service . The bold guy with tattoos gave exceptional services and the music was amazing.
Very good burgers and pizza.  Just a terrible location.  A hooker tried to chat me up.
Cool outside terrace. Amazing beer selection. Fancy people. Hard to find--best accessed by bike!!!
Great Burgers.. Only rivaled by Shake Shack in NYC.  I love this food... its the ultimate treat.
Great food. I just had a carne asada torta and it was the shiznit!! I love their horchata too!  =]
A top  notch caring group of professionals lead by Owner Diane. Always a great result. Thank you.
I recommend the Tapsilog. Next I will try the Liempo silog. Small place hidden in chinatown.
Tried this at Food Truck Friday.  Southwest Pork Burger with Sweet Potato Fries was awesome!
We politely asked the guy at the window to throw away our receipt, apparently that was too hard.
Best dim sum I've had in North America.
The tortilla soup is the best soup I've ever had in my entire life!  Delicious!!
Awesome store! This place has some fabulous finds. Unique, fun and well priced :)
Andy is amazing.  My gel nails still look great after two weeks.
LOVE THIS PLACE! Great service and fantastic food with decent prices!!!
Always top notch. Eaten there 4 times. Never a miss. Always spot on 5 star experience in every area.
Quality, perfect quantity and fairly priced. Good service, nice waiters, professionasl and quick.
Best indian food in Canada.  better than Vij's in Vancouver. Amazing Pakistani Biryani!
Jose Rojas Rivera took time to answer all my questions.
Simply Superb ... Professional and courteous - fixed on the spot and fully explained all repairs.
Went with a party of 8, everything we ordered was hard to swallow.  Luckily we were all starving.
This place serves amazing Mexican food and drinks ! Everything we tried was yumilicious !
It's a quiet little getaway, I wish I lived closer to here.
See I told you this hidden gem of a sub shop was great, and now it is on TV  Good job!
Awesome staff, super clean facility.
This place rocks...great food great people...makes ya want to come back for more
Very clean, big rooms, nice staff, not updated but I would definitely stay here again.
An Oakland staple. Best tikka massala in the city.
This Walgreens near the Venetian hotel has everything I needed at a ok prices.
Love this place I always get the Massaman curry and the crab Rangoon it's off the hook delicious
Over priced and under flavored. How can you confuse chicken and beef?!?! Worst sushi ever.
Friendly - exceptional talent - multiple services - top notch - check it out at least once.
This place was SO GOOD!  Had a great time. Did the shabu shabu and it was delicious! Very affordable
Always a great variety and obviously freshly baked.  Friendly and helpful staff.
Awesome after a flight from SanFran , nice atmosphere.It was tasty, well seasoned and hot...
Best Dentist I have ever come across!  Caring, Friendly, and Gentle!  I would not go anywhere else.
Love the vibe of this place, the music is great, the food is great, the service is awesome!
Don't forget yo roll your sausage in the salt n pepper mix that comes from the shakers!
Best fish tacos and best service! We love half moon!
Service isn't the greatest. Not the nicest people working there. Drinks made well I guess
Quite possibly the best ribs I have ever eaten. This place is a must every trip to Montreal.
Tr s bonne nourriture avec des produits de qualit . Le service est vraiment tr s bon!
Not ready for prime time.  This deli needs some seasoning.
Very tasty and spicy! Ordered the Thai Basil Tofu. One of the better thai dishes I've ever had. Yum!
Really great locals bar, very good food, awesome drinks. Whitney is the bomb.  Will return.
You want some bomb nachos?! This is the spot!! Go visit Mr.Luckys for a variety of tasty foods.
Lovely plates. Good. place to meet friends. Love this Chef.
Having to wait a long time for just my  drink. If it was possible I would give it a negative star.
Love having this new local place. The sandwiches are good. Do not miss the curry salad.
Try the mango sticky rice and chicken satay!
Excellent service, knowledgeable, friendly, super prices....I couldn't be happier.
1st time in pizza was so soggy couldn't even pick up a piece very disappointed (watery sauce ) yuck
Nice Room on the 26th floor. Easy access to the strip.
Great spot for an after-dinner dessert. I love their condensed milk toasts with coffee.
24hr of amazing! Just picked up a dozen donuts for my fat ass and could not be happier!
Loved it here.  Great selection and great taste.  It's like being back in Playa del Carmen again.
Awesome pepperoni pizza. Big fan of the crust. If you like greasy pizza, this is your place.
Great food, great service. First time there and it was fantastic. Had General TSO shrimp. Fantastic.
Jerry is the best! His passion is to serve and his commitment to his staff and clients is admirable!
Great service and professionalism. Affordable, and all my car issues were solved quickly.
Never eating pizza hut ever again that pizza made me really sick I spent a whole day throwing up .
Super slow service. Waited over 30 minutes even with reservation. Staff was in no rush.
Nice place and nice service just the price is little high er than normal
super americanized chinese food. maybe I ordered the wrong thing (see pic)
Slow service and sub-par food, not worth the money we paid. Will not be dining here again.
I love their Kare kare with bagoong & Pork Isaw!  Authentic tlg! Para k lng nasa Pinas...yum yum!
My boyfriend absolutely got me hooked on the shrimp tacos! Hope you can enjoy too!
Much better than Sam's Club and the prices are more competitive.  Staff is very friendly too.
Sat at bar for 5 minutes while male bartender flirted with females... Worst "kilt" in the valley!
Gramma's Delight!! .. Clean store and everything is in exceptional shape and GREAT Prices
so awesome great salmon/bagel breakfast dark coffee! and the chicken cashew salad is rockin!
It's good! End of story. The reviews don't lie. Blows mucho burrito away. They really are huge!
great pedicure, didn't feel rushed picking my color or letting my nails dry.
Simply amazing.  No menu, just specials.  The ambiance is a 10, food a 9.  Everything is fresh!
Have been getting my hair cut by Ramon for years.  Always great service!!
I have no idea what happened to Tom. Needed help. Called, wrote. No response.  Sad. I hope he's ok.
Food was excellent and I like planes. A little off the beaten track but it's worth the trek.
Place is awesome!  If ur in the area must stop by! Crowd flowing. Good vibe good music
I drive 30 minutes across town to attend classes here. That should tell you how awesome it is.
Went here for breakfast! Good chicken fingers! Good fries and very good canes sauce!
Always delicious, too bad Im moving out of town, will miss this place and my favourite soup
Clean, gorgeous place! Fantastic wait staff, AMAZING, AUTHENTIC CUISINE! So impressed! Go, go, go!
Excellent service in a very good location.  Lot's of good dinning options in the area.
I can no longer endorse this gym and I don't know the new instructors.
Staff is always so helpful  .  When ever we have a question   they help us.  I love this store
Awesome Bundt cakes.  We bought some to take to a family party and everyone loved them.
Yum. Best pizza ever. You know it's good when theres an actual line on a Sunday at 8p!!
Awesome show, everything you'd want and expect from a musical for Evil Dead, hilarious!!
One of the best donuts I've ever tried. I always get a dozen, but it comes +12 pieces every time.
Yum! Quiche is fantastic! The hollandaise sauce like butter!!!
Nice place.  Neat, organized, relatively clean.  Nice staff.  Picked up a cheap lampshade for $2.
A W E S O M E.....................omg
food was frankly, kinda gross and the service was...meh.  but they show the NFL homes!!!!
What do all these reviews add up to? You've gotta try it. GO!
Great prices and small town diner feel! Good food and fun place to meet a friend(s) for breakfast.
Always a great work out here and very clean. The teachers are very helpful. Great staff
What a great experience with a sweet knowledgable Arlene Bark. Thank you for your kindness and help.
I love this place and so does my pug Barney.  The vet is great and the groomer is awesome.
Clean and very well maintained.  This is a good place next to the beautiful Red Rock Canyons.
OMG the best food i've ever had in my life. I am a gluten for this place. Def going again.
Excellent job with SNS on my natural nails! Very professional, clean, and took their time.
Enjoyed the food, enjoyed the atmosphere.  A great restaurant. The breeze was great and unexpected.
She is the most unprofessional, ill mannered health care professional I've ever met.
The experience is amazing! I can imagine how busy this place was in the days of the steel workers!
Love, love the Poke me bowl seared!  Can't get enough!  What I consider a closer to perfect meal
A lot of fun and worth a visit our three. Well designed exhibits and content was engaging.
Love their pastas (& burger too!) great service and can never go wrong with $1 per 1oz wine ;)
Out of all iced teas but didn't tell me that when I paid for it and they could do a refund.
Awful place. Bad service and food taste like apple bees with a hint of ass hole. It's bad
Fast, clean, cheap and chicken taco Wednesdays! I love this place.
Not too impressed, wings and Kim chi coleslaw were ok, but would try other places before going back.
My fav thai restaurant!  Tasty food  Nice service Cosy atmosphere   Great for a dinner date.
Gorgeous bar, TV's for the sports fan, fantastic humidor and best of all, the staff is top notch!
Some of the Tuesday night refs need to check their messages, cause I think they missed some calls...
Fast friendly service  highly recommend. Called on Sunday and they were out first thing Monday
Just had lunch, server was great and food fantastic. Best wings in town!
Happy hour 3-6 lunch specials 12-5! get there at 3 for a little bit of both :) :) :)
Jenny is very good and professional. The shop is clean and neat. I will definitely be back!!
Food was excellent...service was ok. Deep fried pickles....yummy.
Excellent burgers!! Huge patties...great buns! Fast service and not too expensive for the quality.
Great local bottle shop with an amazing selection and a friendly knowledgeable staff.
The play area is amazing! Kids can have hours of fun here. The customer service is dreadful.
Bland and unappetising food, far too many flies, no atmosphere and really poor level service.
Had a sweet 16 brunch and it was perfect. The service was delightful and the food was lovely.
Renan was an excellent server, everything was amazing totally recommend for an amazing dinner!
we will be back! Kaylee did a great job on my daughter's hair! nice clean salon! friendly employees!
Great service. The owner wants very helpful when I needed to buy a replacement part for my mower.
Loved this place. A unique vibe and beers. The couple that runs it are very friendly.
Good food and good service... The only restaurant open when your arrived after midnight.
Poor rendition of the ones in California dirty poor service and poor eats never again
Seriously good Mexican burritos. Definitely crushes Chipotle in terms of choice and flavor.
Pretty bad, not clean, very noisey...  didn't want to touch anything in the room.
Another great experience! Helpful and knowledgeable staff, great prices and no haste returns!
Best Greek food on danforth! highly recommend!
Great coffee, great prices and genuine people!  I am glad it is so close to my house.
If you are looking for signs or graphic decals, this is the place.
Yum - get my Curry Fix here!  I Love the location too.  This time, I had chicken and tofu saimin.
Great environment for relaxation. Staff is very friendly and accommodating. Beautiful decor.
Twice the coffee was tepid and the selection of pastry is not so good.
Great Italian food in Brampton!  Pizza and pasta is excellent   Very friendly staff/environment
Every Mouth Full was Fantastic! Great place for Lamb ! I Highly recommend this restaurant !
Very solid breakfast! Friendly staff and never a long wait, they stay on top of it!
Such great customer service! Amazing tasting drinks! Best place to get a boba drinks hands down!
Called last minute on Valentines day. Elise was super helpful with this amateur flower shopper.
Great Italian food. Nice cozy dinner calimari was on point..Adela was a great server!
The best day club! I will totally go anytime. The pool, bars and entire place is great.
Very friendly service and nice store layout. A good place to stop for your basic mani/pedi needs.
Creative food pairings,  Based on one visit.  Will go back another day.
Quite possibly the greasiest sate beef sub I've ever eaten.
Boring and slow.
So happy at this nail salon. Jen takes care of me but everyone here is amaZing!!! Can't go wrong..
Best gay place to dance on saturday nights! $7 cover totally worth it and drinks at a good price!
Daniel and Lind were great, flexible and very helpful.  They made the day less grueling!
Good fast cas pizza. Crust was perfect wood fired. Topics are good. Grilled onions ... Yum.
Jovanny is the best!! Kept the margaritas and chips coming. The best nachos in vegas.
We had an outstanding meal here. The food was fresh and delicious and beautifully presented.
My favorite! Grab a cup and book and enjoy!! Love the ambiance and customer service is excellent !
Great smoothies. Nice staff. Clean place. Tea is good too.
This is without a doubt, my favorite Indian place in Toronto. So affordable and so fresh.
Small and not enough room. Avoid this place if you're bringing a whole team. Last resort.
I always have apositive experience here, talk to Virgil  for servicehe is the best
I don't know about the regular car washes, but the detail packages are not worth the money.
My son loves this place.  Sports on every channel for him and a nice haircut a mom can be proud of.
Don't order from this store. They took over an hour to deliver
Great shop! Big selection of toys and videos. Customer service was excellent. Friendly staff too.
Big portions like Cheesecake Factory in Cali but tastier and more Vegasy since it's in... Vegas.
New to the area. Couldn't believe what an amazing job Epic Nails does. Best nail salon in Gilbert!
Stay away over chargers if you have insurance, had to go to another Dr. to fix my ankle..
love the cocktails and experienced bar staff
Good and authentic mexican food, a bit expensive for my pocket
Dr. Chip is great.  Always very nice. Great adjustments.   Definitely recommend going here.
Unorganized.. 15 mins  wait ya right more like 40 mins .. Pete's drive tru quick n fast better
AHHH!! Two words. Toki Doki.  Yes. They carry tokidoki here....
Excellent food, waiter was so nice and attentive, great relaxing atmosphere!!
Super good , calming atmosphere and great food excellent service too ! Def worth it !!
The food was amazing, The chefs special are ridiculous  Great atmosphere  Great service
C3 Church, the parking lot
This is a great place right inside the Hard Rock Hotel. The food is good and affordable.
This place is so awesome! Healthy, delicious vegan food. What's more to ask!
Excellent food. I loved the cheese manakeesh. The bread is great. I definitely overrate there.
Really long wait!!! Finally the waiter came and tried to make up for it, but the food was great.
I'm pretty sure this place is closed permanently. Looked so when I walked by it last night.
Best Thursday Night Football Party in Vegas!
5 stars for Ashley, Sam and the whole staff at Cram Corner. Thursdays are always awesome!
Blaze pizza was alot better more choices lot better pizza not bad but ingredients were so so
Great atmosphere and prices, I think they'll do really well in the future.
The night club was not as good as I had hopped it to be but the day club was so much fun.
Cute place, great service and byob. Great entrees, main course however overpriced and meh.
Service is really thorough but when they failed to show up for scheduled appt I was not notified
Excellent Thai food! I've tried almost every curry and love them all. Pumpkin is my favorite so far!
VERY VERY GOOD pizza! The Babe Ruth Home-Run Specialty Pizza is what I recommend!
Nice decor, good bagel, terrible service. 50 minutes to get 2 toasted bagels and a check.
Great customer service. The food is amazing. Everyone is so friendly. Must try the Taco's.
Great place. Nice staff. Build your own noodle or rice bowl.  Would recommend to a friend
Place is awesome. Very clean and friendly service.
Great location. Angela is the bomb! Outstanding service.
Great sandwiches. Had an awesome burger last time I as here. Check out the daily specials.
Great service, needed to tire replaced and it was done in less than a half hour! Thank you guys!
Pricey for portion size...but extremely good food & service
Scrumptious!!   Every. Single. Thing. Just absolutely delicious!!
Delicious and extremely fresh Chinese baked goods.  Large selection.  Friendly staff.
Amazing my size pizza!!! I recommend this place to anyone who wants to make their own pizza.
Obviously better than chipotle. Amazing people and super accommodating. And love the food.
Best pancakes. Real food, organic and locally grown. Great staff. Can't wait to go back for more!
I didn't done in but the food is delicious. The price is regular. Overall good. Would eat again.
Souvlaki and potatoes are delicious. Very good service. One of the better Greek places in town.
The cupcake is very moist and good. The staff is very nice and courteous.
Miykael Hair is the place you want to go for your next haircut & Style. The best in Las Vegas
Crispy Chicken, Bacon Jam, Pot Pie...bucket list items. Best drinks...bartender is on his game.
A very nice place with a great atmosphere.  The staff was on spot and the food was delish.
Good good, great service, well priced. Excellent place for a date night or family outing.
Always a good time here, food always arrives in good time and piping hot. Favourite local spot!
Seriously. This place is a joke. Maybe I caught it on a bad day but yea. I'm not coming back.
Great service!  The Saki sangria was a bit "flowery" tasting.  Lotus roll was exceptional!
Awesome food, cocktails, and service. Live music sometimes. Love the vegetarian burger.
I always see Carissa she's awesome - she does such a wonderful job b@@k with her for sure
They have a great staff. My kiddo really enjoys going there. Makes learning math fun!
THE BEST donuts in the valley!! Every time I am in the area I need to stop at Bosa's! Delicious!
You are missed Phu Thahn :'(  A loyal customer
This is not Constantino any more it under different management plz update this Yelp entry
I love com Bo luc lac
Quick service and friendly staff.  The peanut sauce is highly recommended, very good!
My favorite is The WIT, closely followed by blacksmith, village is a great local brewery
Excellent service, great menu. Summer Corn was tasty and the cocktails are unique and delicious.
Everything was phenomenal. Service, staff, food, drinks and atmosphere! Chef Tom was the greatest!!
Super fast. Great food. People were super friendly. Almost makes me forget about Robertos.
Food was delicious and great customer service! Will come back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
I think I may have broken a tooth on a rock in my mashed potatoes.  Service was great but......,
Great food! Will definitely going back to this store the associates are always friendly ;-)
Very clean dining area. Spotless bathroom. Friendly, professional and efficient employees!
When I worke d in Chandler I used to eat here DAILY.....  The green sauce can't be beat, period.
Great staff, great vibe, lots of unique choices on the menu. Definitely plan on coming back.
Probably the worst Carls in the USA.  Old, run down, and filty, never again.
Great happy hour drink and food prices.  Staff was very friendly.  Crab cakes were just right.
Long wait, food was weak. Even Ray Charles could see this meal was a fail.
love the place, diversity of items offered and friendliness of the people.
Just get the 5lb burger.  They cook it pretty damn good for a 5lbr (ask for it med rare!)
Quality work. Great customer service. I'll definitely be a repeat customer. Thanks Ron!
curry is pretty smooth, nothing spectacular, service is on par...
Jasmine is a great teacher. I particularly enjoyed her classes.
Everyone in the shop is amazing.  Best Flower in town hands down. Edibles are amazing too.
Dance floor is so small. On sunday got in free and open bar, guys paid 30 bucks.
Good environment and drink was served, felt being treated well here...worth the price :)
Great food and drinks. Nachos hit the spot and the spicy cucumber margaritas were very good
Great service! Got our website up and running within 2 weeks. Highly recommend. Thank you.
I like their chicken burrito. Also like the creamy sauce. Always good for quick lunch.
needed an alignment.  Was in and out faster than promised, and no upsell!  Gotta love that.
Food is okay.   lots of variety of food.
I ordered the Pulled Pork. It was missing the smoke but the meat was tender.
 
Good Pho and spring rolls at a great price AND ITS BYOB, WORD!
Service was great! And the food is delicious! Fantastic selection of a variety of dishes!
Great selection of cigars teamed with a great selection of craft beer. What could be better.
Good service and food. Fun cocktail and wine list. Great place for a night out with friends!!
Best Happy Hour in North Scottsdale...Great place to just chill and enjoy the great wine list.
Just waited an hour and a half for my taro express because they only have 2 people working.  Smh
Friendly Staff and was able to get on and out quickly. Car was in excellent condition
Enjoy their french toast and chicken and egg sandwich. Never had a bad meal from here.
Definitely would recommend this location. Great service every time I've gone in. The food is great.
Great Hawaiian BBQ for a very reasonable price. Awesome lunch specials!
:(              
Josh rocks! Definitely recommend for someone looking to get a boost in their work outs.
The Tri-Tip was the best I've ever had, but the tuna was not good.  Good, fast service.
Draft beer is always flat. Food is hit and miss. Could do with a good clean. Plenty of TVs.
Great trucks at good prices count me in! Thanks for my new truck guys! Ill be back in the future
Ahi Sliders, and Ahi Poke is bomb!
Always friendly :) easy access on and off the highway which is great for the work commute!
LOVEd this place it was really good food and the service was excellent.  really felt it relaxing
Very good Mediterranean food.  Fast, reasonably priced and pretty health.  Worth going to.
Had a GREAT detail job here yesterday - wonderful service - wonderful work.  Thank you.
This place is the bomb! I love lemon and orange flavors the best!!
Excellent, good old-fashioned breakfast at reasonable prices. You can get stuffed for 10 bucks.
I love this place not crowded nice atmosphere and great food after a late night shift.
Super good food! Their southern everything is on point! Highly recommend the hush puppies!!
updated
favorite dish is the  FIG & PROSCIUTTO with the gorgonzola cheese
Delicious and fast. This was my first time eating pho and it was superb. Friendly and clean
Best Pho in town for a great price. The summer rolls are great too!
The dumplings are okay, not great not bad either. I hated having to wait 20+ minutes for our food.
My kids love it! Lots of options. The crust is yummy. Kind of like the Chipotle line order system.
Highly dissatisfied, the credit card machine down on easter Sunday!! Shit the bed jamba juice
The Draw 10 is now open again. The remodel is beautiful. We are excited to have our bar open again!
Great owners, Good honest folks. Have what I needed , came out next day to install.
Amazing wifi, helpful staff. Best airport I've ever been to.
It was good. I can't lie the French toast was yummy for my tummy. It was super busy and super loud.
Wonderful food! Not plant based, but very delicious vegan food. Try the heaven rolls!
i love crepe what can i say. this is quick, cheap, easy, and tastey! so happy!
Great ice cream! $7.50 for a medium. One thing did bother me though..... NO one wore GLOVES.
Best wings I have had in my life ! Friendly staff and amazing service. A true gem in Scarborough.
My child loves going here.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  A great asset to the community.
Non responsive let's HOA harrass people. As you can see their rating doesn't even rate a two Star.
Really good food, get the chef's plate, great combination platter.  The service is very nice too!
Eh. Nothing special. Cool bar scene I guess. Chicken Tenders are definitely better than average.
good stuff I've finally found in New York style Chinese restaurant....that knows how to cook
Love the food here, unique and flavorful. Many items to choose from. Great and friendly staff
They have food. It's a little more expensive than Fry's but I'm too lazy to drive an extra mile.
In the land of high end burger places, BL has the best flavor, ingredients and prices!!
Worst bank ever. If fraud happens on your account. They will do nothing to help. Stay away.
Whatever you do, get the guacamole and chips...the best.   Good service too!
Best Wings Ever! Way better than the other guys!! && always good selection of draft beers!!!
Great addition to a location that was vacant far too long. All Free games ,tons of beer & good food.
Quiet environment, friendly staff, reasonable prices, good food. My favorite lunch stop.
Very friendly, they work on commission, and great clothes! High end clothes with high end prices.
Long wait on a Sunday, worth it... Friendly staff and outstanding Brunch!  We'll be back!PAD SI EOW
Great authentic Indo-Pak Food with home made spices  Better than any other indopak restaurant.
Shepards pie could use more sauce, kinda dry, great decor, pricey..
first time hear and im very impressed clean area i ordered the beef pad thai yummmmmmm
Gourgous woman at counters,lots of equment and easy to use.
Office staff do not have good customer service. Do not recommend.
Only 12 minute wait in the drive-thru this time.  I ordered a three piece and was given a two piece.
Amazing service today.. Fast, friendly, superb  highly recommend ..
I give it one  Prices on some broken items more than Ross or good sales at Ikea Cluttered store.
This place is such a treat! We had the seafood gumbo and the shrimp po boy. Both were very tasty!
Friendly prompt service. Easy to check in online . Even got my Crazy 3 yr olds hair cut :)
They have very unique flavors such as Black sesame, green tea, red bean, among many others.
Pedicures are amazing and superb customers service! I have found my new mani/pedi spot!
The wife loves this place. Service was excellent. Drinks were great. Very classy joint.
Gross, greasy, over cooked, smelled burnt, took forever to deliver and just not good quality.
I found my annies mac & cheese for $2.19 which is $2.79 anywhere else Great job Target
Fast medical service great staff come in get served great selection 5 stars my favorite spot
Based on price: Way overpriced then hung up when I said something about it :( Too expensive and rude
As a vegan, they were very accommodating in making a special vegan pizza on a crust with no egg.
Great coffee and friendly folks working there. Highly recommended, better than Starbucks!
My sandwich was good and tasty, the clam chowder was nothing special.  Staff was great.
Awesome customer service! A girl name Eunice was very helpful and friendly and made me feel welcome.
Closer to home. It is lacking in some areas. The staff are nice.
Unreal!  Great bread, salad and pizza. Loud but all good as expected on a nice summer day.
Excellent food and wine. The braised ribs were not as great as I expected, but good.
Super nice ladies. Ana did a fabulous job! They accommodated me even though I was running late.
Overall great food. Service great. Clean. Parking is good.  Chicken sometimes has to much batter.
Salam has such a wide variety of food & all of it is amazing, the owners are so sweet.
Had a decent burger and nachos.  Nice atmosphere and helpful staff
We frequently order from this place.  Excellent portions for the price and great quality food!
Ask for the gamblers special. Salad, steak, potatoes and shrimp for 7.77. All very good!
Love this place, love my artist Vu! Convenient hours, easy to get to! Very welcome employees!
Great View Quiet , relaxing atmosphere. Good place to come with friends for a drink an a chat.
The cake didn't have much flavor. Looked pretty though. It was pricey, but most things are in Vegas.
Server literally read the whole menu in French to us in English and was super friendly!
Food is great but I don't like not having the option to substitute a side with a equal priced one.
Easy, quick check in and baggage claim was a breeze
One of the best team I ever seen, clean, quick and smooth.
Loved the ambiance.  Loved the drinks. Food was beyond amazing. Best salsa I've had in a long time
Cool concept, cute place, great service and ice cream does not get any fresher than this.
We Love Karla!! Every haircut, every time she knocks it out of the park! Never a complaint.
I love the atmosphere and the service!! You must try the holy shiitake pizza....amazing!
Person taking orders was very helpful.  Fun place and fun food.
Simply the best Barber shop in town. Love the service and the prices. Definitely recommend !!!
Fantastic food, great service and nice atmosphere. Pricey but worth it.
Food is always fresh, coffee is delish and fresh squeeze juices are among the best around...
4/5! Amazing food! Love the guacamole. Authentic and fresh :)
This is a really beautiful spa. My sister and I went and did just s day spa pass.
We took the happy hour bar route. Great food, great service. Will be coming back here again
I had their gyro which was good. Service was great. Love the location right next to the zoo.
If you love chicken or wanna try a new ethnic food go here! Very tasty. Discover a new flavor!
Good food and good service. The staff was very polite and checked up on the table at the right time.
I love their vegetarian bean and cheese burritos!  The chips and salsa are good too.
Great place to stop off and have lunch amazing scenery at least Ave and great food highly recommend
nothing makes waiting for a flight easier than slot machines in the terminals!
The food was really good. I order a red curry and had a Thai ice tea which was perfect to my taste.
Delicious fresh Mexican food. Clean and very reasonable prices. Will definitely return.
Nice theme, but only went there to eat, play arcade games, etc. back in the (19)80s and (19)90s. ;)
This place brews some of the best beers I've ever had. Very impressive for a small local brewery!
I'm happy, my stuff looks great!
Great service; interesting and very inventive rolls that all presented great flavor combinations.
Fantastic views and great service.  Food was good, but not the best I've had for the price.
Nice atmosphere and staff. Beautiful decor!!
Pretty cool concept, but these folks are rude and didn't even want to acknowledge me and my friend.
This was the best move ever! Polite, courteous, everything you would hope for!
The drive through service here is abysmally slow. It doesn't matter what time of day it is either.
Good food nice atmosphere, Will come back to try more yummy stuff
Every time I'm in vegas gotta stop by this place has awesome hookah I love the apple heads here
Another great visit, really like this place. Excellant service, really caring individuals.
Love the chicken bake...hot dog is great value...Pizza is good when fresh. ..soda cup is smaller
The veggies were burnt to a charcoal crisp. Why would you serve it if you can't even eat it.  :(
I won't come back again! The vegetables were far over season. $22 for one little tiny hot pot?
Nothing special, considering the price. May have been the poor choice of avocado-chicken salad.
Love the studio and staff. Angela is wonderful and always does a great job. I would highly recommend
Was pretty cool the games little out dated not working all that good but good orices on beer
Great food great service!  Waiter Anthony is a cutie and keeper
Great Ambience! Great good. Service can be slow at times, but everything else makes up for it.
The salad was fresh, healthy and the portion was big enough for 2 people. Strongly recommend it
Love the Ocean Club! Lobster Mashed Potatoes! Doesn't get much better than that!
Very nice employees and good food would love to go again :) since it was such a fast service
Awesome service and great results! The turn around time is quick and they do a great job!
dirty, filled with bed bugs rude staff ( the worst)   I wouldn't recommend anyone to try this hotel.
Vegan and gluten free friendly and also dog friendly:) Everyone and everything was good!!!
Hands down some of the best Carnitas and Chicken tacos I've had since I moved to AZ in '93!
Awesome hookah place.  Service is excellent. Appetizers and tea are fantastic as well
A new day a new doggy turd to avoid on my way to my car
For me the food is just average. I much prefer the Thai Gourmet in Bloomfield.
really good bar food and great specials on burgers for 5 bucks after 11 !
Thick fresh and flavourful sushi.  Special recommendations to pan fried rice salmon pizza!
I have been going to see dr. mcarthy for awhile now and i always leave feeling better. thx!
Phoenix D/C/B Hospital is fantastic. The staff is friendly and helpful.
My husband and I got pretty sick from the peanut butter banana shake. This place is over rated!
So yummy some of the best Thai I have had in the valley. Been twice now in the past two weeks!!
Have a martini...with a Blue-Cheese Stuffed Olive...or a beer...and enjoy Gennas!!
Delicious meals. Entertaining chef. Great prices for lunch. We are coming back often!
Their butter chicken is delish..best in the city.
Wonderful place for kids and adults. Love the food, love the experience.
Great service, extensive menu, owner came over and introduced himself!  Great family restaurant!
One of the best pho places in town!!  The owners are very friendly and service is good.
Amazing Burgers! Don't forget to, order the nice finger foods before the meal!
Always a good choice. Relaxed atmosphere & yummy food. The kale caesar salad is amazing.
I give it a year!  The food was not great.  Over priced!  Who decorated this place?
Nothing beats the Malibu location, the service wasn't that great. But the food was great!
Food was delightful!!  Go before the lunch rush because the line will be out the door.
Errrr why does there yelp not have hours there open... why no hours and not website!!!!!!!"
Great salad and fun band that kept the kids entertained.
Best Italian in Vegas, hands down! And the sangria is to die for! Ask for Bryce!
Good food, good service. Minced chicken, pad siew, and stuffed chicken wing all very good.
Has this place closed?  Went looking for it yesterday and I did not find it.  Anyone know?
My 2nd time in - v helpful staff, v friendly  Organized clean  interesting finds Will be back
worst customer service on the phone and very unprofessional. dont eat here whatsoever.
Older crowd. Was hella fun. Been 3 years since I've last been. Good times.
Good carne asada burrito and the salsas were tasy as well. Salsa verde very good.
This place has fake reviews!  Bad service and bad food! If I could I would give no star!
This pest control company is one of the best. Have used Chris for years. Highly recommend!
Great service , best price , very professional and tons of choices.  You won't be disappointed
Expensive, no seating and beware of hacky sacking transients trying to bum money and beers.
OMG !  This place ROCKS !  Great food, greater service, greatest drinks !!!  You MUST be here !
Horrible service! The bartender was rude and acted like she owned the place! I WILL NEVER GO BACK.
Absolutely horrible - do not waste your time! Pick up a Starbucks next door and keep moving.
Incredibly helpful for a newbie! They helped me out so quickly and amazing price. Great people.
A Great Haircut and a Great Stylist equals an Amazing Experience. Thank you SportClips!
Excellent. Nice, quaint atmosphere on back porch. Reasonably priced and food was excellent.
Good food nice ambience, strong coffee and a great soft boiled egg plate
The green curry was the best I've ever had, even gives the option for how spicy the curry can be
It's McDonalds. With a big parking lot, way bigger than needed.
I love going to Angela! She is honest and a great listener. I only trust her to cut my hair!
Great food , friendly service, alittle on the expensive side but well worth the money.
They make the BEST sandwiches. Nice ratio of meat vs veggies. Great polite service too!!
 . . . . . . 
Very friendly and helpful. Cookies were delish and the gravy fries were really good too
Very nice restaurant, well priced for the portions you get with friendly service.
Great Deal was had today! Thank you Anthony and everyone at Tempe Honda!
Love the pizza here it's BOMB.com the service is always top notch and the food never disappoints
For such a small location and small number of patients the staff has no clue what they are doing.
Amazing food, great people, menu is always interesting, huge servings
always has a good selection of hookah! my one stop shop for anything smoke related
 CJCA TIME  Thank you very much.  Very good foods & services.
Best fish. Friendly service. I have been going since I was a small child.
We tried Bugsy's Nightmare and it was fun and challenging especially for first time experience.
First visit, many to come!!  The staff is great, the fried chicken is stellar..seriously delicious!
Great little store. Super friendly employees and adopts out a lot of homeless animals.
Very good food. One of the best I've had in Toronto in this category. Very filling. Enjoy !
Excellent Mexican food here.  The queso fundido and carne asada quesadillas were excellent!
The place,food and service is great......one of my favourite
The bartenders are racist. I was told " The Alt-right lives here" " out if here beaner"
Bait and switch so much for free diagnostic.
Very good food for a decent price. The khotu especially is fantastic. Great service as well.
Great customer service and a speedy process. Thank you Matt and Jon in finance. Awesome job
One of the best pizzerias in Cleveland! Go for it! Will never be disappointed!
Food was ok delivery came on time egg rolls were soggy and egg in my pad se ew was very soggy :/
no restroom , no seating , no WIFI , long line . I have had better but heck it's a casino
Friendly staff, great rates for sports physical, clean and quick! Can't ask for much more than that!
Bad service! Mixed up my damn order!
Best high end Kosher restaurant in Vegas! Great service and ambiance. Music, wine. Great for a date.
I was pleasantly surprised by the great customer service I received in this family-owned business.
Had a egg benny. Would be better if they have latte or flat white rather than regular coffee.
Excellent service and food.   Well worth the wait.  It's must stop when visiting Phoenix
More than just fun! From start to finish a very good time.
Video games plus stone bombers. Hell yes.
Worst pho I've ever had. The soup was room temperature and it didn't have much flavour as well.
I don't get it. Its about time they tore down this casino and put up a real one.
Super Amazing. Would go again. The place is nice. The massage was just about right.
I like this location and it seems they have more variety and better sales than my local Target.
Food is ok... good value for money... and the timings are awesome.... taste of food 2.5/5
Love this place! Nice old world feel and great food!!
Definitely think this is the best chinese in madison...
The food is pretty good. I liked the sushi Bari. The lunch buffet will set you back 12 bucks.
Best tacos i have found in Vegas. The kicker is they are open 24 x 7 on this side of town
Delicious rotisserie chicken and sides!  One of my favorite places to go for lunch
Fantastic massage and for a great price! Highly recommend the foot reflexology at only $20 an hour!
Great food, low cost, friendly staff-the strawberry banana pancakes rock!! Kid friendly!!
Loved the smooth taste of the latte and hipster vibe. The croissant was soft and flaky.
Quick, affordable and professional service. Can't go wrong with them!
Fam and I come here all the time. The quail is delicious.
Im crazy for a sonoran dog, these are pretty tasty.  Nice big place with plenty of seating.
Always awesome service and great island music! The only Japanese restaurant I love on tha 9th Isle!
Brand new Great place! Breakfast for dinner at 9pm. Super friendly staff. Good service.
Wings are killer! Happy hour with local craft beer is great. The rest if the food is sub par.
Cool vibes, good energy, and even better drinks. If you are downtown, this place is a must!
Good and authentic korean food. A bit pricy. Their lunch menu is good.
Great location, and employees! The manager was very nice. Place was vey clean, I will be back.
Loud vibe, delicious food. Will def eat in again.
Flavorful gyro meat, salad ok, sauce a little flat. All in all, not a bad lunch for $5.50!
Love griddle cakes! Best breakfast! IVAN is great as well! Always takes good care of us:)
Best afghani restaurant in Mississauga. Family run and reasonable prices. Can't go wrong.
Amazing view. After seeing the Michael Jackson show we went up to the Skyfall up on the 64 floor.
the food taste good, environment is nice. but the choice of the main course is a little bit less
the margarita pizza was like tomatoe soap with bread.  Its quite good but too overpriced.
Ray did a thourough and great job...he was friendly and courteous
My go to bewuty supply store! Tons of products and everyone was friendly and helpful.
Too many stairs and the security guards are assholes... XS club is much better!
Poor food. Poor customer service. Terrible!!! Don't waste your money!!!!
Great pizza place.  It's amazing how close it tastes to pizza in Firenze! Graci
We ate here yesterday and the pizza was great!  Thank you Wendell for responding!
Target: One of the best places to check out the local attractive moms.
I'm pretty much doing Happy Dance (in my head) the Service, Food and Comfy Seating is Excellent!!
Really hard working crew! Great food that hits the spot!
Have had their food at meetings recently...so good!  Portabello ravioli is to die for!
Food is edible. Restroom is really dirty. Didn't surprise me though. Dishware  are dirty also.
Love this place!!! great people and great vibes!!!! perfect for beginners or pros :)))))
Amazing and most authentic Pakistani food in the region. Good conversations and clean restaurant.
Best barbershop in Mesa . Hands downs. Great atmosphere . Good price . Good vibe. Check them out!
Great food and beer. Really enjoy Grandma's Potroast and their amber beer.
Neat nick nacks for the home. Super friendly staff.
Angelo did such a great job assisting me. Great customer service. Thank you!
I love the movie theater but the smoke is terrible. Then again every casino has the same issue.
Great place. Always very friendly. Never had an issue and have been going there for years!
Probably one of the cleaner clubs in town!  Great staff!  Thank you!
Claudia is the best therapist ever! Highly recommend .  Pricing is great... quality is even better .
Great bar, perfect place to shoot pool and enjoy a night with friends. Friendly service.
View was nice. Food was just ok. Dessert was terrible and kids were running around screaming.
Great sushi, unique rolls, classic rolls, and fresh ingredients. LOVE salmon bomber!!!
Excellent place... Excellent food... manager corrected a billing issue with my card quick and swift
Best new poke place in Scottsdale  Everything was fresh and there were a lot of variety toppings.
Hot out of the oven chocolate glazed are AMAZING... To bad they dont sell iced coffee.
great food and service. it's just a bit pricey. Remember to try the grilled calamari in specials.
First time customer, David cut my hair. He listen to what I wanted and it turned out great!
Great service & 3 pokestops nearby! The staff is always friendly, no matter what is going on.
peameal bacon on a bun. Tourists and locals all appear to agree... Fantastic sandwich
Wonderful and caring staff!  My cats are always in good hands at Rainbow! Thank you!!
Everything was good, except for the Kyoto milk tofu appetizer. Would not recommend ordering it.
Great place for sandwiches and they have specials weekday.
Good Service,Food is ok,No Gluten Free Menu.
Was great. Took a retiring friend there for lunch. She loved it, the whole experience  was perfoect.
I come here everytime I'm in Vegas.  Every dish is excellent! The blue corn muffins are delicious!
stopped here for drinks paid with the phone app.   Drinks were perfect and staff were very nice.
Theaters 7,8 and XD are bigger. Theater 5 is TINY! Overall it's a nice and clean joint.
Man this is my favorite chinese place in the queen city by far.
Great burgers and breakfasts...but the friendly folks behind the counter are the icing on the cake.
One of the best pizza places in town. Always great ingredients and the staff is awesome
Prime rib was very good. Seafood pasta was above average.  High-end price range.
Norma Garcia attended me and was very nice and was really kind to me.the service was great.
Good crust. Cant argue with the price. Needs some development on their sauce. Overall worth it.
Tim the manager is great. Always chatting you up as he makes your meal and making it fun.
The pastry and coffee are excellent here. And I like the environment and the staff.
Excellent services, New cars in perfect condition for great prices, and Great customer service.
I crave their caprese bruschetta night and day! Literally the best thing I have ever eaten!
All i can say is if you Havn't tried this restaurant you are missing out. Excellent everything.
Viva Las Vegas!  Very busy airport so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.
Excellent! Service fantastic. All natural and great dipping sauce for chips. Will be back.
The charge you 1st thing before you close your order ! Not nice Good DJ , hookah is okey .
Fabulous gyoza, steamed pork buns, Vietnamese ramen. NYC good at Charlotte prices.
Popular busy place, enjoyed the jade specialty bubble tea with the lychee jelly and tapioca balls
tres bon, j'ai ete surpris par l'acceuil et le service, tout est magnifique
Great Bagels!   Owner is real deal.  13 bagels for $10 great deal.
Good steaks, friendly service in a relaxed environment.
The owner's son took care of my car's tire, he made sure it was fixed, great service.
The steak at this location is better the branches in SoCal that I have tried.  Good service too.
Delicious mexican food...probably the best is Madison WI can't wait to eat here again ...
Jun is very professional and gave me a great haircut. I'll definitely come back next time l.
Hmm! If it's slow they kick you out and close early!!! Mind you 15 people in the bar is not enough!
Great creole food and incredible soups. Lunch, dinner, whenever. This place is solid.
By far one the quickest and friendliest airport Around the western part of this country.
I like to stop here for a Illy latte...I'm a fan!
this place is bomb for enchiladas, and veggie sopes. A total deal and authentic flavors.
one of the worst ramen i had in my entire life. i have no idea how this place is still open.
This is a fun place to hangout with friends. I recommend the cranberry cobbler cocktail
Wide variety of food items.  $7 with players card.  Lots of fruit, meats, breads, sweets, etc.
Great choice for brunch as well as drinks. One of the best places in the neighbourhood!
Love Cho Wan Garden. We have never had bad service here.
Had the chicken souvlaki pita with spicy tziki and french fries. Was blown away! Great lunch spot.
Solid 4 this time around. Great Pizza and staff. We like Grimaldi's, but this place is better.
Just up the street form our house so it's a easy go to when we don't want to cook at home.
GIANT tasty salads!  Enough said.
Great Breakfast and reasonably priced.  Sad they won't be open for breakfast during the week!!
One of the best smoke shops/rave store in Vegas always updated with the best products
Came here for one of my favourite bakery Mont Blanc( chestnut cake) that's aowesome!!
Loved it! Nails are pretty close to perfect!  50 for a full set of gel coffin nails... Yes please!
This is one of Pittsburgh's food destinations. And it's really poor.
Best bagels I have had outside of NYC
Steak torta sandwich was excellent.  Great service.  Best Mexican food in Scottsdale.
Very clean place, quality meat infact one of the best you would get in Vegas, Excellent staff
UMIYA ROCKS!!!!!! I'm a Sushi Connoisseur & this is Absolutely Heaven on Earth...Perfection!!!
I love the chewy dough on their oven fired pizzas. Hi So right. One of the best pizzas in the city.
Great service.  Super fast! Number 16 add cucumbers,  onions, oregano, salt pepper, oil and vinegar.
Hey this Winco is clean and tight. Waay better than trashy walmart. They got everything you need.
Really good Chinese food..if your looking for good Chinese I would go here if your in the area.
Delicious Bison Burger!  Just wish it was a little bigger.  :D
Awesome breakfast sandwiches and love love love the you can substitute avocado for bacon!
Love that Tostada salad.
We had good experience. Fresh food, good atmosphere, very clean and neat. We ll be back again.
Great service and the food is even better!!! I will be back as soon I'm back in town!!!!
Love their tamales. I drive all the way across town and get at least two dozen everytime I go.
Small bathrooms  Small TVs  No food happy hour?!!
It's a normal corporate gym. It gets the job done.
I love it here can't wait to go back
Food is great drinks where good. Prices are steep But I enjoyed my time and our server was good
Great haircut and free bang trims in between appointments.  Definitely going back.
Nice food and service...The waitress was very nice - even funny...Will eat there again soon...
Reanna was so kind and funny. She was very patient with our large order. Love love love this place!
Local go to spot. Good mix of food and drinks!
They always make a great white chocolate mocha but the drive thru can be a little slow.
Excellent food and service! Yum! Great to see non-bar/fried food in Medina. We will be back!
Brand new, modern looking office with nice staff members. CJ really took good care of me. Thank you!
The Surf and Turf roll is a real treat!
A Donut Shop that no longer sells donuts, interesting concept!?! Good luck with that one.
Best place for shampoo, soap, and other bath products!
Some of the best soul food I have had in Vegas. Mac and cheese was excellent.
New Hours! 9-430PM Mon-Fri only!
This is the location for Papa Murphy's that I go to often.  It is good.
The family at Avondale Nissan was very helpful with all my service needs THANK YOU AGAIN! -
Awesome concept! Service & food was great! Built my own poke bowl. Definitely recommend this place.
Good safe fun! Thanks for all the quality I get!
hype, food sucks, the atmosphere is kinda cool though.
Friendly service! Good food. Cinci chili and hot dogs! Recommend for a quick bite to eat !
Great sushi, great burgers, and great apps! Highly recommend!
Had a wonderful time, great food, got to see friends there this morning and very decent prices :)
Kind of in a nasty strip mall. Made my purchase and was outta there.
Best NY style pizza in town! Salads are good too. Very busy so call early for take-out.
We got thin crust cheese pizza and cheese garlic bread...... YUM!!!!  SO GOOD!
Went to this restaurant by paradise valley mall. Have huge tortillas and a very nice looking menu.
First time to try this restaurant.  Great food and service.  Will definitely be returning.
Best place in Phoenix for breakfast the coffee was great and Chile relleno was delicious
Good for later dining casual. Been here often over at least a decade. Always a great choice
Nice place, terrible customer service. The food is very good and a good size as well.
Great food, fast friendly service, and always clean. Great cafe style dining with healthy options!
I love their souvlakis.  Pizza is also good. Service is great!  Always have take-outs there.
as cheap as i get, i love deals! $5 can't go wrong! esp GNO , #fun #alwaysagoodtime
Awesome service and great food definitely coming back hash browns are some of the best in town
One of the best Hotels off the strip.  Great for out of towners or a staycation.
Late night menu is the way to go. The scallops with mashed potatoes and lemon are really good.
Overrated..over priced..nothing special..better buffs elsewhere in town..
Paid for gel/shellac mani/pedi and within 6 days it was all peeling off.
The meat is awesome, also de eggs. The tempura beans are surprisingly delicious. Very good service.
Bomb!!! and great deals!! Good place to pre game and get some late night food! Tacos are great!
The Multigrain Omega 3 bread has been ruined because it is no longer moist! Why, why,why???
Love this place. It's so good, people are so friendly and the drinks are extremely well made!
Nick's has a decent breakfast with huge portions. On return visits, very average food.
The decor is very cool. The owners are friendly. Food was very good
A great place for some cheap, authentic, and tasty dumplings.
Delicious food, awesome service, and Mr. Pibb...what more could you want?!?!
Good food, service was average, food was lukewarm arriving. Tasty once reheated though!
Ultimate grilled cheese was great!  Would have been a 5star but had to ask for napkins!!!
I'm addicted to the chicken fried rice. I want it every single day. And they are fairly nice!
Good stores but nothing else around, needs a movie theater.
Very good!!! I like the sweet greens and Dos Leches!!
Very professional, great color/cut, I'd definitely recommend this Salon!!!
Not an entirely bad place but the food here is kind of bland. Not my first choice for Mexican food.
fries were soggy and disgusting! never going back!!!! Employees were unprofessional. .
Unbelievable crepes, galette, panini, croissants, quiche and then some. Happiness in my mouth!
Great food and atmosphere - the service was lacking but it was to be expected with restaurant week.
Love this place .. I go at least once a week . be sure to tip good 20 $ massage is very cheap !!
Service is good....but there's def much better chinese food out there.
Great service from start to finish!!! Will recomend it to everyone who is visting Vegas.
Great spot management was awesome! Thanks for the free up on my coffee. .. love McDonald's coffee
Fast, friendly service.  Big-portioned tasty food.  Drawback: plastic utensils.
When your complicated coffee order takes 2 mins to be ready but you wait 18 mins for your hot tea!
For 10 bucks a normal order of fries would be nice. Good thing the airport has a captive audience.
The service is ok but the food is not worth it.  Found a 10 inch strand of hair in my food!! Gross
Very slow service and so so food.  Good looking menu but will not be back.
pretty cool little joint.  Very friendly staff and food was decent enough for a return.
Awesome food, close to home and fast delivery! Definitely will order from here again. Thank you!
My favorite spot in vegas. Extremely fresh salmon and tuna, generous portions, AYCE. Price is right
good ice cream and the hours are much improved since there is a new owner! glad to have them here.
Stacy, my hygienist, is AMAZING at what she does. She is VERY personable and knows her stuff!
This is my favorite starbucks. They make my drinks correctly and the staff is so amazing!
Always a good experience.  Friendlyy service and a great price
Clearly the best bar in Madison.  Best staff, best happy hour, best clientele.
Best Buffet in Las Vegas! My husband and I go every chance we get. Highly recommended!
This place is the hotspot in south chandler! Great food, excellent service and top notch drinks
Everything was over priced! YardBird is definitely better - service, food and pricing.
I had a few hiccups here but nothing you shouldn't expect dealing with an apartment complex.
Decent experience. I don't understand why Yelp asks you to keep writing long reviews...?
Great job! Get the lunch size macaroni and cheese with a pizza. Great stuff!
Loved the Asian twist to fried chicken. Added the vegetables so I didn't feel so guilty.
If you want the best nacho cheese you've ever had, come here. Any nachos are a great choice!
A Pittsburgh Classic!  Doesn't get better than this!   Turkey, Steak, Fish are my Favorites!
Awesome service, good food... Highly recommend!
The guys are so great at this car wash And prices are great
Pho 87 is family owned, clean and taste great!
Great food and atmosphere, ceviche, calamari , tacos and vegetable bowl was especially delicious
It was the perfect late night junk food for two hungry travelers who had just watched a show.
So good !!! Great prices too. I like this place better than Japanese Curry Zen in Chinatown.
Staff are nice and friendly Hookah is average  Service is soooo slow Definitely wont go back again
Great sandwich, friendly staff easy access
Scary dark shpping center went on a Thurs around 9 it looked closed.
Girls' night out with a friend. Great food, great service, a lovely evning in all aspects.
Small independent coffee house that brews a great cup of coffee.  If in the area, you should stop by
Loved this place. Every dish we had was fantastic. Staff was friendly. Highly recommended!
Great food great people they even gave us complementary apple fritter it was awesome I will be back
Had a bad experience. Poor customer service.        Plenty of other better places around.
The friendliest staff and nicest crew of any Starbucks I've ever visited -- even at 5am. Well done.
Soooo sad...their number is disconnected and they're closed... This is really a terrible shame.
Cute brunch place! I ordered the huevos rancheritos and it was amazing. Guac was fresh as well.
Awesome donuts smoothies freshly made food and the owners are so very sweet. My morning stop
The magic shroom burger with some ros  was the perfect combination! Great burger joint.
Nice Japanese beer, pork over rice also good. Restaurant is nice and clean.
All food fresh, but its a bit too expensive to not have any flavor. I'll stick to Chipotle
Awesome peanut butter mocha freeze! The chicken salad was good too! Definitely will be back soon!
Thank goodness for fresh juice!!  Carrot, cucumber & lemon!  And the breakfast was great as well!!!
Yes it's expensive but has great music, beautiful women and delicious food.
Didn't think it was possible to wait 25 minutes in store for a black iced coffee until today.
Best vegan restaurant in town! Tried the burger and Moroccan salad. Tasted like heaven.
Obvious cutbacks in the last year. Food quality is slipping but the service is great as always.
Best quick food place out there.  Pizza is great! Salad is great! Cookies are amazing.
Had a palm tree trimmed. Showed up exactly on time. Friendly fast service. We will be using again.
Excellent meal, fun for a group of 3 or more! For people who love to try different world foods
Had a lot of fun at the LEGO exhibit. I will definitely return.
The Dr's and the staff are all outstanding. I wouldn't take my cat anywhere else!!
It's good if you are a vegan/vegetarian. But if you're looking for "meat" don't come here.
Great workout.   Pricey, but if you want real results i recommend.   As you get what you pay for.
I love Makino. The seafood tasted very fresh and well worth the price I paid for dinner.
LOVE IT!  Mushroom soup and mushroom ravioli is AMAZING!!!  Always stop here in Vegas!
Delicious! Had pastrami boyger and it hit all my taste buds! Nice clean restaurant highly recommend
Good honest people. Fair prices on service.
Cute ugly and coco is the best. We love it. Wonderful.  We have truly enjoyed our time here
Thanks Nick for the best customer service Ive experienced in a while!
service is terrible, slow, usually only have one register open
Loved this place. Excellent service, delicious meal. A good spot for visitors or locals.
Love the food and the service! Yelp has found an amazing place! Yum!
Amazing homemade food, good service, great breakfast spot in the Strip District!
Pretty expensive. But, fun for older teens and adults. This exhibit goes pretty fast.
Service is a little slower than usual, but the product is worth the wait...love the burittos!!
If you want authentic, delicious Mexican food this is it! The staff is very friendly too
This is a wonderful place for tea. The owners are knowledgeable and make me feel at home.
I like the club.  It can get very crowded but good music.
Bad just bad. But it's the airport so should i really be complaining?
It was the best choice in the food court. Pretty bland though.....and pricey.
Absolutely fantastic BBQ, best in Cleveland by far. Give it a try you won't be disappointed.
Pork belly skewers and loaded fingerling potatoes?  Three words. Aaaaa-maaaaaaze-zing!
So yummy ice cream!!! OMG guys I don't know which one i love more Highly recommend!!!
Great clean place! Very friendly!  Getting a pedicure!  I think I've found a new PEDICURE spot.
One of my Favorite places to go in LV.   There at least 3 nights on a trip.  Great mojitos.
Close enough for the family to ride our bikes to for a nice snack. We love it!
Love the atmosphere option to sit outside! Awesome big azz margaritas! Food and service excellent!
gotta love their RAW chocolate treats!!!
We absolutely love this place every time we visit we come here!!! The black mussels are fantastic!!!
Took out a bunch of appetizers, pad thai, drunken noodles and the papaya salad. All fantastic.
Over priced for the quality of Korean food you get. The dishes we got barely had any meat in them
I found this place on Yelp and was extremely happy with the fast and friendly service.
Great variety of cupcakes. I had strawberry, coconut, lemon blueberry, and red velvet.
The service was great and was always asking if we needed anything the food was yummy and fresh
I went today, and Jonathan was my Barber. He trimmed my beard as well, did a great job!
Cajun gyros are my fav.. Not a big fan of their free chips scheme; they could sub it with fries..
Best place ever, the al pastor is on point. All the food is great, you need to stop by for food.
Awesome dinner. I had the best old fashion I think I've ever had. Service was exceptional.
Really liked it... Lots of variety ...
The only good thing we had here for 3 of us were the beverages.  Food was awful
My favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas! Love the Clams Oreganata!  The service is always great!
No. Used to be great. Now, thty make you wait forever and ignore you . Worst customer service!!!!
Amazing. Beers are $1.50 and they will give you a freezer pop if you ask. Be sure and ask.
Food was great and fast.. Service was nice.. Good choice for CIAA WEEKEND.. I would go back..
Our family bulldog Tanna loves the staff and Dr. Gummy - they make her feel like a celebrity!!
Homemade corn tortillas and yummiest steak and carnitas around! The best street tacos ever!!!!!
So great for gluten free! Good prices and the supersonic cookie is def worth the trip.
Pigeon on the outside tables please fix this problem. Baking soda and rice!
Great family owned shop.  Super friendly and amazing quality meats.
Nice enought place.  Very busy place. Great for groups wanting to have fun in Vegas.
Great place for Ramen and fast service. Pretty good prices too. Would recommend.
Very good New Mexican cuisine with an excellent selection of tequila.
The Pizza is what makes the stop worthwhile. If it wasn't for that; Bowling would just be Bowling.
Always great food! Worth a stop, try the plate with "mini-everything."
Stick with the grilled cheese
Amazing place. Helped with my back pain.  My family have been going here for a long time.
Dirt cheap drinks. Internet juke box. Really random clientele. Dusty tiki decor...   Great spot!
Eggs Benedict was the best I've ever had. Awesome place on Scottsdale Road in Old Town!
Still perfect - Coffee is a best in town, and the staff is super.
Best hookah and customer service is amazing! So worth a night out here.  Also great music!
Super great breakfast spot!  Wonderful service, great menu, cool retro environment.
Decent burgers.  Decent price.  A lot of burger choices!
Excellent endroit, bonne ambiance et tr s bon rhum
Ordered some dishes from yelp's review... not my taste.. This place is good for dating~
Fresh, good quality food. Abundance of vegetarian and vegan options.
I like the pork chops and the saimin.  Great Hawaiian food at great prices.
i love their  huge selections of sushi . great customer service . I come here at least once a month
I always suggest this place for my passanger csnt go wrong here.great service and always clean
So mediocre. Tried the Pad Thai and it was completely unimpressive. Spring rolls were also mediocre.
Management needs to enforce more smiles and hospitality. Employees are so mean and don't help at all
not a big sweet tooth ... the ice cream took my breath away no joke this ice cream is the real deal
This is great stop for dessert. They create right in front of you and the flavors are amazing.
Not impressed w/the ice cream or the cookies.  Just skip this truck.
Very good place. We were all very happy with our selections and the pie was love at first site!
Still loving the staff, doctors and overall experience! If your kids need a DDS this is the place!
Good food. Came for lunch and turned out just as good as the spring mountain location.
Poor tasting crust, greasy pizza, too much garlic. Atmosphere is nice but it ends there.
$10 for a sad tiny bowl with extremely dry grilled chicken. Way overpriced and so not worth it. ):
Reliable.  Friendly.  Often open when other shop's aren't...
I love the sauce they use in their sandwiches. Dutch Crunch is a great choice if bread.
HAPPY ! Sampled a few flavors all checked out well and ordered Gelati's  Yum yum Delish!
Miao did my pedicure today . She did a nice job with a design on my toes . Thank you ,Miao!!!
I am LV128 from the University and all i can say is this has changed my life.
Very average. Not bad, but not good either. There are much better local options.
consistently soggy burgers.  been there 3 times in the last 3 months, so skipping this one.
Je ne sais pas pour l'h tel, mais le resto est excellent!!!!!
D cor awful.  Atmosphere cheap.  Service slow. Food mediocre.
Quick friendly service, and the food was great. Love the variety of beers to choose from as well..
It was amazingThe waitress Anna was So amazing I loved the food especially the French dip
L8 Nite Bingo Is Good Clean Fun!! Non smoking area huge and a big 1000 seat bingo room!!
Love the variety of asian food and prices are great too
Quick service and gorgeous nails.  Very neat and clean salon. Great customer service!
Food was good and staff was nice. Portions was light weight but will eat there again.
How can you be out of soup? Closed? What if I didn't want soup? Just say it's closed and that's it?
Super endroit pour un lunch v g tarien ou vegan :-) les prix sont corrects et le cadre est sympa.
Fish and sweet potato fries are great but 1/2 price dessert "Happy Hour" is splendid!
Delicious. Love the press making the bread nice and crispy. Great side salads. Def recommend.
MSG overload ! If you have any allergies or trying to be healthy, run from this place.
Excellent!!! The best cupcakes you'll ever have!!! Great service and super fresh cupcakes.
Fantastic experience!!! Neyla did a great job on my nails. Not rushed! Very relaxing! Will be back!!
Great service and good food. Too bad only in Vegas. Definitely will be back and kids will enjoy it!
Love love love this place! Best pho, great service. Also love the spring rolls.
Place is now closed and soon to be opened as "Harvest" Same owner ... hopefully it will be better.
Sandwich un peu sec, prix assez bas, mais service trop stress  et press ...
the stairs? a horrible idea.
Everything on the menu is great. Southwest Cobb is the best.
The food was excellent. Perfect birthday dinner with the perfect potted flowerpot for dessert.
This place is a Great place to eat Thai. I got egg rolls and Pad Cha. I will defiantly be back.
Amazing Pizza. Best deep-dish I've ever.
The safest and nicest drivers I have ever had in Las Vegas! They were on time each time as well.
Great place, clean affordable and pleasant employees. A good place to stop for a quick run
Don't go here unless you sit at the bar and order drinks, and food that does not need to be cooked.
Great if u want Filipino stuff for cooking and it's cheaper than the main grocery store
Love Pino's!! best Pizza, best bread, best salads :)
My kids absolutely love this place. They always have a such a great time when we go here.
Service is always great every time so far, recommend this place if you love happy hour.
Really fantastic, unique cupcakes!
Cold fries, raw chicken and bacon left off my salad. And terrible slow service! Don't go here!
Great salads that are really like two meals! All the ingredients fresh and delicious!!!
skip it. really gave it a good try but just doesnt cut it. offers less bang for bigger bucks.
The food is ok here, but I come with my kids after a movie for the cookie in the skillet. It is best
I LOVE Jersey Mikes!! One of my favorite sandwich places to go. LOVE their oil and vinegar!
Love this breakfast place! Nice home cooking vibes! Biscuits and gravy are amazing!!!
This place has a cool vibe. The sushi came out fast. Not to bad, they had a few unique offerings.
Egg drop soup & spring rolls are excellent. I always have fresh warm sweet & sour with spring rolls.
Vraiment d u de la Poutine. Tr s peu de sauce et sauce plut t  pais. Je n'y retournerai pas.
I only come for the Happy Hour. So I'll say that the price is great for apps and beers
We got food there tonight, but they forgot our sour cream, which was charged to our bill!!!!!!!!!
Sooo good! We had the Veggy burgers with the Yucca fries...2 days in a row! Love this place!
Super bon. Le meilleur poulet au monde. Le taboul  est excellent et les frites... WOW!
The worst customer service ever! Go to the Cactus and Reems branch, they're quicker and nicer!
The service is fast and the staff is very friendly. I appreciate all their help.
I get the chicken shawarma every time I come in and it is on point! Highly recommend this joint
Great seafood in a cute little location. The shrimp empanadas are everything you want them to be.
No mention of reservations at all. Made us look like idiots because we didn't reserve.
L'endroit pour les meilleurs melomakaronas
best dessert in AZ!  Love the cantelope and coconut sorbet
Poutine is super good, as well as the gyros. Used to go there often when I had classes at Loyola!
This was a cool spot. Yummy margaritas:) Kids eat for $1 on Mondays!
The fries were stale and cold, and the drink was diluted. Will never return again....
Great food!  Love the crawfish fondue and Cajun skillet.
Simple food simple atmosphere and friendly staff. Just like the street tacos in Mexico, tasty stuff!
Best place to have work done I took a family heirloom watch and the repair was top notch.
Nice atmosphere but service was okay. Took forever for our meals to come out. Food was mediocre.
Spring and shrimp rolls were very good. Good Thai place in convenient location. Enjoyed it
Awesome atmosphere, good food and cool place. Good place for a work lunch or to watch a game.
The owner's of white cloud are very helpful, hands down the best vape shop in the valley.
The food here is not fresh, we got sick. Its tasteless and bland. Avoid.
The mojito was good but it took a long time to get service.
I would recommend Thai Fantasy on Yonge Street if you guys really wanna get some Thai food
This is such amazing, great service to come in. They have such delicious sandwiches..
Long wait. Mediocre food. For the time and money, I wish we would have tried somewhere else.
Be prepared to be snapped at, and in no way feel welcomed to come back to your home country!
Really love this place! The food is so great! If you like Pho, I totally recommend this ace.
Great doughnuts. Not greasy at all. Good strong hot coffee. Friendly and prompt service.
Took my son for lunch. Fast friendly service. The pizza was very good. We enjoyed our experience.
Great, if you like Denny's. The pie is the star attraction, lots of selections, food..., average
They looked at my blue scion and determined everything was in working order. Thanks you guys.
I LOVE this place.  The music is fun and the there is always some room on the dance floor!
For breakfast, I had a cheese omellete with toast here, and it tasted delicious.
They have the least expensive fuel in town. You just have to be prepared to wait in line.
I love this place there chicken strips are the best  Also the buffalo wrap ...friendly staff
MOTO has good PHO but service is a little SLOW. Sushi pretty good. Nice little bar food escape.
quick, filling and tasty. If you are around Kensington market, you should try this place.
The serve here is great. I love this place always keep coming back. The food and drink are bomb.
Very cute and surrounded by awesome art and scenery. Loved the many options offered :)
Awesome, home-made style indian cuisine.  The owner is always on premises and super-friendly.
GREAT bread, they even have some Gluten free.  Wish I weighed less so I could go there and eat more!
I  this place!!  Awesome place  Great friendly staff and very reasonable prices, my number 1 choice!
Great flapjacks (aka pancakes) and eggs. If you're in the Cave Creek area, well worth stopping in
Sinus relief from allergies and body ache relief from  post op pain! Very relaxing, friendly staff.
The build your own bowl is everything. The Cauliflower and the lemon sauce really hit the spot!
Always exceptional service and you would never know they are students, very professional.
Worst fish and chips ever! Rude employees no Tatar sauce
Great fix for any sort of Japanese or sushi craving decently priced and always something on special.
Nice Starbucks location in the Desert Ridge Mall it is tiny but they do have La Boulange available.
Love the fire pit! Beer selection is great. The staff are always great! And the food is always good.
I used to like Lola until I learned the owner is a sexist pig.  I will never visit again!
The service was slow, the greeters and the cashier was not that friendly. The food was okay.
Tried many different dishes, everything was awesome.  Service exceptional. Atmosphere great.
They do a great job on carpets. I love that I can text the manager to set up appointments.
nice service had the lamb curry and It was good. Appetizer was ok, but worth the try.
Great place for savings and support to others. This is a good deal
Loved the food and the service. If you ever stop by ask for Toni. She's super pleasant.
Terrible service.  Sat at the bar waiting to order while the bartender talked with the musician.
The food and service was good ! I used the $10 yelp coupon that has a $20 in restaurant value.
Bartender staff and food wonderful. Ambience very nice outdoor seating and or bar. It was great
Wings were amazing. Thin crispy outside and super juicy inside. We had the soy garlic...yummm!
Staff is friendly. Had a great arrange of shoes and tons of clearance items. Will be back again.
Great food, amazing atmosphere and excellent staff/service. You really do need to eat here.
Very good, high quality food. I just wish they seated your party even if not everyone was there.
Not sure where these reviews came from. Place was horrible. Dark, dingy and unpleasant.
Love this butcher shop. Love the bourbon steak too.
This place is so delicious! $5 mimosas and best French toast I've ever had  real gem!
Absolutely delicious! The ice cream is so smooth and creamy. Love love love the silk chocolate.
Sweet sweet lemon basil sorbet  this place is a hidden gem that I will not stop coming to.
Cool place to visit. No charge. Pictures welcome. Don't plan to buy anything, prices are ridiculous.
True crafted has the best pizza  ! I like the pepperoni pizza the best  I also live the jalato
Love this place always great flowers and service!
This place is without a doubt best bang for your Canadian dollar places to get seafood.
Delicious food for great value. Service is prompt and would recommend it if you like Mediterranean.
Outstanding customer service.  Nic was highly professional and a pleasure to work with!
Good service, nice place but the shawarma is awful. Dry, chewy and tasteless. Def not going back
tr s bon poisson bien cuisin ..cela change des burgers..d co "bateau" sympa , service souriant
Very friendly service I love the Bacon Egg and Cheese Panini  And the Strawberry Banana Smoothie
Best coffee in town Smoothies are top noch owner is great staff is awesome
Tim our server was awesome! The food was delicious and the service was great. Definitely recommend.
Quelle belle surprise. D jeuner exquis service impeccable. Je le recommande tr s fortement.
Very good quality for the price. The chicken sandwish is delicous and well spiced. Would recommend!
Great place, good prices, They use hot stones, I like the private rooms.. Ill be back
i like going here. i usually do self-service check out, i only ever buy sodas and ice cream.
Food quality was absolutely good!! I ordered Pho Tom which is shrimp and food taste amazing!
Went there for dinner with business colleagues from out of town. It was hit and miss.
Cedar planked salmon. Excellent! Haven't been here in years. Glad to be back. Does not disappoint.
Food is always good! The fried rice, mahi, spicy Korean chicken are some of my favorites!
Temp outside was 107 and the unit had no ac. Dangerous and negligent.
Ice cream tastes sour and the owner clearly knows nothing about customer service. Very disappointing
Great Smoked Salmon Benny for a lazy Sat morning. Filling but not too heavy for breakfast.
This place had quality food! Try the dim sum and the sevice was both exceptional and friendly!
the food was good. Great flavors and seasoning. They took a long time to bring our food out.
Fresh food! Sometimes the fried rice is over fried. Great customer service and generous portions.
5 star! Clean, nice, and excellent priced! Strawberry Banana smoothie with boba is so yumm!!
Grabbed food late night and was not impressed. Similar to chipotle in NY but less tasty.
Wonderful spot for breakfast. Got the wolf pack. Very tasty. Service was great and friendly.
Sushi were good! But the place is too small and crowded. I wish they have a bigger space.
Pas mauvais
Catherine has strong hands, gives a vigorous massage and then kneads your muscles into water.
Awesome. Tommy was incredible. We had a party of 7 and were treated like royalty.  Food is amazing!
It' a very nice place for meal's and enjoy good day or evening.
Carl was timely and personable. He was also courteous to take his shoes off when entering my house.
Best chicken tacos in Montreal   Friendly service. Fresh food carefully prepared.
Awful experience, bad service, food was wrong, and not good
The cleanest/best Robertos in town
Great food, atmosphere and service.  Best crab rangoons I've ever had!
great food, decent prices, and great menu selection. the service is also outstanding.  would return!
Big, clean, carries lots of variety. Some is overpriced, the rest is about average.
Good signs great service! Would definitely come back. Thanks Synthetic Grass Store.
terrible food, pad thia are tasteless, like a food court...
Always a fun atmosphere! Love that they offer Norka for those of us that don't drink beer
Wow incredible creations !! So good, dinner with Mikey and Sandra Hass ! Love you guys
Amazing fried chicken & biscuits. $18 Friendly service. Young crowd. Industrial  feel. Loud music.
Amazing food! So savory and touched my soul. Thank you also for the speedy and friendly service.
Unprofessional people , very bad management around here  The food is below average nothing special
Solid food and service.  You may have to wait to get a table. Very popular.
Best drinking spot in the Charlotte. Friendliest staff, environment and patrons. Go here.
The best vet in town by far. Caring and loving doctors and staff. The only vet I will only use.
This place is a solid choice. Good food and service. Great room and space. Would return.
Great grub, great service, great atmosphere, great live music, and ice cold beer!
Ces du fasfood mes moi jaime bien tous ce que jaime go t   tait bon pour mon avis   moi
Disgusting calzone. Cost 20 bucks. Delivery 20 minutes late. Pizza just okay.
The food was awesome and the portions were perfect.  The atmosphere was very cozy and warm.
Love! If you love pizza you will love blaze. They make everything just how you like it.
Got The oysters and they were so bad ! :( Otherwise nice place  Stakes are pretty good
Nice place, standard price wise. Service was really slow though.
We were here before the lines. This place will do really well. Very special service and food.
Love this place! Great vegan food, even for people that aren't vegan!
Iconic part of Pittsburgh.  A must visit and see place.
The prime rib with irish potatoes is delicious.  Sadly, I have yet to try the pies. hmmm
So grateful to see this district on the rise! There IS culture in Las Vegas - found here.
Lots of options. Food was good. Nice to have a quality burger joint in the neighbourhood.
Absolutely rude staff.  Waitress was aggressive and rude. Food was horrible.  I will never go back.
Very fun and cool bar downtown, with a casual atmosphere and cheaper than average libations.
Getting oil changed in a jiffy! Nice guys. And they're cleaning my dirty windows.  Yee haw!
Dr. Lyon is a good chiropractor, and the staff is friendly.
If you are Vegetarian, this is your paradise. My elderly Indian relative was happy to eat here.
Food is OK.  They do not have silverware they give you the cheapest of cheap plastic ware
To keep MY head looking so dapper.... is not an easy thing.   Thanks Tad!
First time here and it's been lovely. Friendly staff and food tonfie for. Will definitely come back
Had breakfast here, food was great, well priced, and good service! Loved the eggs benedict.
Best nail salon in town!! Prices are just right!! Make an appointment with David.. he's amazing!
Filet nacho are amazing. We also got the naked wings with buffalo sauce and ranch.... super tasty!
latte was creamy and Easy to drink. Not bitter at all. Just a Simple and small coffee store.
Sushi is ok, nothing special. Service is great, I'll give that. Had better sushi before.
We ordered the chef's tasting menu and the food was amazing!  Delicious and fresh!
Great burger, had the Tornado #17. Was amazing, really good. Will definitely come back again.
Yum. Very very good coffee. Service is good and staff are nice. I go here regularly.
A family joint.  Love on the plate.  Clean, quick, and very easy on the wallet.
My SO and i eat here biweekly. Quality hasnt changed. decent portions.
Service was nice.. the sushi was overpowered by sauce but I guess I'm a traditionalist..
Music way too loud. Cannot have conversation without almost yelling
Love this place. Great beer selection, can't beat the Daytona wings and of course those Hooter Girls
pros--cheap room price.   cons--too many kids, slot machines never pay back,  no shows for guys,
Great pizza and staff! Always recommend  would choose pepperoni,  buy other toppings just as good.
Great selection, great staff. Alex Cheske is a great employee.
Best Spanish rice on the east coast!
Great company, they have many years of experience and do solid work.
I had the classic ramen with extra chashu and it definitely satisfied my craving for ramen :)
Terrible customer service. The lady on a ponytail dont have manners. They don't refill your drinks.
The food was good and the waiter was super nice and the entrainment area wasnt 5star but ok
Come with an empty stomach for the endless meat parade and amazing salad bar.  It's delicious!
The green tea flavor here is my favorite in Toronto. The japanese special crepe is a treat!
idiot cannot drive cuts people off on road and with dog in back of pickup.. jerk
Generous and professional. I usually go for nails and wax. Always happy with the result.
This menu has an amazing variety of full flavored options!  The shishito peppers are a favorite!!
The food is amazing!  Jo-Jo was the best Hibachi chef!  Very entertaining. Definitely coming back!
It's okay, a little pricey. I do love the French toast they serve for Brunch on Sunday's
Celebrating 1 year anniversary of my veneers from DPD. Fabulous! I smile all the time now
everything was great  Shakes, burgers, wings, fries.  A+ across the board.
Awesome specials and friendly staff! I come back regularly to take advantage of the happy hour.
Great variety and the freshest tea I've ever tasted. I will never go back to store bought tea again.
Has gotten much, much better. More attentive, cleaner, staying on top of things for months now.
Love it One of my favorite places to hang out. I usually end every night there.
you have to be drunk to like this dirty,stickey floor,wobbly tables,place
The coffee is really good. Cool to see them roasting it there. They also have beer on tap.
Our go to theatre. Clean, right down the street, $5.25 Tuesday's, the XD theatre is awesome.
This location is Sooooo closed. Delete, disregard, no longer in business
This place is delicious, sweet shrimp, super white tuna, uni, sea bream, scallop, octopus.... SOLD!u
Nice little pub in GVR. Only had drinks, but it was good service
Sooooo good every time! The fried rice is my favorite. Thai iced tea is also a must have!
Great sushi place. Sushi chef Jun is awesome. I will definitely come back.
Decent haircuts, but Employee attitude and non friendliness leads me to go to another location.
Best happy hour in town! Only $7 buck and really good size portions of food  Try the sliders!
Way better than any FAST FOOD BIG NAMES!!
Good atmosphere, friendly staff, short wait, food was outstanding...!!!
Good place for a beer and a burger.
Chicken Biryani was bad. Certainly not dum. Was sogging with chicken curry put on top.
never buy their coconut ice bar, which cost 5dollars but taste like a iced sugar water , lmfao ~
Good soul food the price is OK it make me miss home! Thank you very much I will be coming back!
Good BBQ and excellent service from our server Iris.  Ribs were tasty and cooked perfectly.
great food at great prices. orders made fast. family owned, been coming here for years.
This is what I call an iced Carmel Macchiato. Good  service, quiet spot, and delicious!
This place has really good food. They are very consistent so far. Good customer service as well.
Today we went and seen the movie hero it was good it was just to short love Sam Elliott great actor
Was really amazing at first. . Now it's way to salty. .. more flavor less sodium please babu cooks
Yummy food, great hard cider, and awesome service! Had the shepherds pie, meaty and hardy goodness.
Great. Totally lived up to the hype. Delicious, and worth the wait in line.
Great service and awesome ceviche. Nice atmosphere. Decent wine selection but no wines from Peru ;(
overpriced, small portions. There's far better food for the same price range.
Good food, pretty average. Didn't knock my socks off. Only thing is that it's very convenient
It's great to live here. I love the technology package and my neighbors are pretty cool.
Best sandwich ever. Adored by many. They have a breakfast one with an egg. Oh man that's good.
Obsessed with their pizza! So good. Oh, and their cheese bread. Yum. Staff is nice too!
Well run franchise. All hands on deck for my oil change. I was in and out very quickly.
As always, Cheryl Wolf took GREAT care of me and my vehicle! Thanks, Cheryl! Always a pleasure.
Excellent massage therapy and chiropractor.
Service was great. Food was great. Little pricey for pasta but worth it once in a while.
Great food and service. Had breakfast/brunch twice this week. Everything we ordered was very good.
Henry runs a great and honest shop. Prices are always reasonable and the work is excellent.
What a great family restaurant!!!!  Meatballs were excellent as the lasagna!!!!  Worth the money!
The pizza is good... Thick crust, lots of flavor...  Avoid the wings & salad... Pretty pathetic.
The tasty is very salted, it is not suit me. A little disappoint.  Will try some different next time
Great dinner for mother's day in town!!! Nice staff and great sushi chef in the house. Recomanded!!!
I keep going back  The food is always consistently good.  Worth a trip from anwhere in the Valley!
I love this place. It's my favorite chinese restaurant . Jackie is the best
Academy did an excellent job, I never felt lost or like I had any question that wasn't answered.
Yummy! So glad that Container Park is home to Cheffini's, it's a perfect match.
I had the Greek Salad and Strawberry Fruit Smoothie. Both were excellent.
SO great! Made my dad so happy for his 70th birthday, very helpful and did an AMAZING job!!
Great service! Fast and tasty. Alittle pricy though
a must go to if you're on the strip.  the cosmo is one of my favorite hotels too!  worth a try...
Delicious authentic pho. There's a bit of a wait, but well worth it. Would eat again.
Great family style Italian. A great place for friends to get together.
J'y vais pour les natas, vous savez, ces g teaux portugais. Un must.
OMG.  What great Pho!  Pretty easy to get to, but even if not worth the drive.  We will be back.
Fresh, tasty, healthy food.  I loved their garden breakfast with egg white.  Great fresh food!
First time here. A bunch of us girls treated ourselves to facials and massages for Mother's Day!
Worth the time and money. Way better than places at the strip and away from all foot traffic.
Very nice staff always clean when I go in here. Really good froyo and good flavor selection
Quick and fantastic doctors, if I have to go in, I'll always pick a dignity health hospital.
it is some of the most delicious Chinese food I've ever had.
Very curtious professionals who really know what they are doing. Outstanding work and quality!
OMG!!!  Best pizza ever!!!  I am in pizza heaven.  A definite must if you are in Vegas
The best dish in this place are the Fries Chicken. Very tender and well marinated...tasty ^3^ Yummy
Staff was nice food was terrible. I'll never eat here again.
There was a mermaid* swimming in the pool. That is all.  *with a fish tail and e'rythang
Super delicious food..... but the menu is huge and overwhelming.
they carry all the Candy I used to eat as a kid back home!!!!
I take my old sweet golden retriever here for grooming!  They are so kind and good to him!
Worst pizza in town. Bland tasteless sauce, cheap generic mozzarella, and waaaay over priced.
Love coming here for breakfast. Food is very tasty and staff very friendly and quick.
Awesome place for sushi! So many selections to choose from but Jose scallop roll was the best!
I went there to eat and it was closed?  Did you move I seen Herminie diner is that you?
My favorite place in Pittsburgh by far! Beer is great and service is always wonderful!
Authentic Irish pub with great Guinness mixer selections and the best potato crusted salmon ever!!
My favorite sandwich shop. Delicious subs and sandwiches. Tasty and addicting with friendly workers.
What has happened to the ballantyne location? I was there Saturday and the service wad terrible.
Very good food! More beers than you can count. Interesting decor. Unlimited potatoe chips.
Great salon.  Awesome customer service.  Quick.  Perfect nails.  Mani/Pedi only $35.
A good, consistent burger.  Their fries are great!  Kinda pricey...
Chips were delicious. Incredibly reasonable prices! Definitely recommend this place for all.
Food was ok. I didn't care about the ambience.
I love this place .The food is great and the margaritas are even better.
Who owns this piece of garbage?  How can they sleep at night, providing such horrific service??
Went about a month ago. Had the prime rib.  Loved it. 7 of us went we all had a good meal.
Just move in town and discover the area surprise they have the Seoul Poutine. One of my favourite.
The food in the past wasgreat...Quality is going downhill...Disappointed..Love the desserts....
Their americano is good and so was the almond croissant! I'm coming back here for sure!
Smoke stack sandwich was great. Clean and friendly environment. looking forward to try the brisk
Had a blast here. Good company & good music makes for a great time. Good service in the VIP.
At least I come here once in a month, Achari Paneer Tikka is one of the best rolls. Try it out..
Love this place Bolognese terrific Greek salad is awesome fish and chips great lamb is terrific
The baby back ribs were superior , great food and atmosphere!
The best paella I've ever had!!!! JJ is such an amazing chef! Would highly recommend!!!
Great sandwiches that will fill you up so you can walk the strip for a few hours.
Great food, great staff and Laura, (the  New owner) knows what she is doing!
Quick, Fast, Great Tint. Excellent customer service.
Made an appt and was in and out in 10 minutes with sro waiting room, definitely make an appt
Awesome deserts! Pok  bowls galore!! What else can I say? A must visit for any occasion
Fun place for all! Fun for an activity with friends or to take kids also a very fun date!
One word.  Yum.   The ambiance is part of the experience.  this app wants this review to be longer
When through the drive thru and it was very slow but When I got my food I it tasted really good
Bit pricey when adding a couple of soft drinks BUT it's real quick and fresh. Shockingly fast.
If you're in the area do yourself a favor stop and get some of the best sandwiches around.
Prices online looked great. I tried to call within business hours several times, no answer.
One of the best sushi places in Henderson and must visit. I love here and will come again.
I've cold beer and free rodeos on Friday!!
Great spot for drinks and apps.  I think the entrees are over rated.
No comment about ramen (I am not a big expert on it),  but their gyoza is way better than in Japan.
Awesome food. Great staff. Big foot breakfast could feed a family.
We had a lovely lunch with great service and great food!  The scallops were perfectly cooked.
I haven't been back here in years. The food is mediocre at best. Head to Monterrey's.
So glad I found this studio. All photos came out better than I could've ever imagined
Legit Brooklyn pizza.  My girl really liked the linguini and clam sauce.  Good food, good price.
Great place to get some laughs.  Clean and entertaining.
Deadly slow and poor service. Food is mediocre.
Best spring rolls I've ever had!
Mimi was great! Super happy with how my nails came out:) definitely will be coming back again!
The atmosphere is great! Definitely good vibes all around and the employees are great!
Holly didn't like the salsa, but I did. Fish Tacos were delicious.
Well, it was ok if you are in the area and are hungry. The waiter was nice!
I loved the pork vermicelli, the banh mi, and the egg rolls. I'll definitely be back.
Great customer service  Friendly people  Always fun Being in this place..  Best barbers in town..
Very good customer services clean food and very tasty  visit and ask for the beef kabab
Outstanding body work, fair prices, really nice people. I can't recommend Toole more highly.
After a bad start to the experience they really turned it around.  Love to chicken relleno
It's a great park to walk around! I really enjoyed visiting. Definitely will come again!!
Very friendly staff.  Polite and respectful.  Good atmosphere.  Will come back again.
My hot bowl was great but my wife's Caesar salad was so-so. Price and Service was great.
Prompt service and great service. Will be back. Lady friends new favorite nail place.
Just got 15 tshirts printed for our church, very accommodating and the service was pretty good!
Quick service, staff is nice and courteous. The donuts are on point and the food is great as well.
So lucky our pets have such a great caring place.
Hi actually I just want someone to confirm their rate of $99 per hour thanks.
Fast, tasty, reasonable price.  Good size portions,  beer and mixed drinks. Nice stop
NCT IS AMAZING! That is all we need to say! Thank you!
What an amazing room! The food was great, the service was spot-on. We were treated like celebrities!
Curry mutton with roti, singapore chicken rice and pineapple fried rice was delicious!!!
Pretty good bar food. Lots of selection. Loud atmosphere.
Thomas is the best! Was really helpful in getting us great food at 6am. Best Indian food in Vegas.
Beautiful high end furniture. Nicely arranged. Will go back!
Great lounge. Flatbread pizza tremendous.
Great Vietnamese food at super reasonable price with great service. New fave. Highly recommend :)
Been Lov 2 times. Their options are diversified and menu is updated on seasons. Food is good.
Awesome beer selection. Didn't have food but the live band was great. Nice spot to grab a beer.
Sundae for Sunday.  Pink spot helps me go through the summer heat.
Went here because the taco festival was a big flop! This reminds me of Robertos , food was good.
CLOSED:  The One Eyed Dog is gone. Under new ownership and is now Clancy's Pub. New menu.
Food and service was great. Wasn't a fan of the salsa, but the bean dip is good.
Such a good place. Sushi and tempura green tea ice cream was amazing! Definitely going to come back!
Came here for an oil change. Called a few places and this was the cheapest I found. No issues
Not a huge fan, I personally love pizza!! But idk what it was I just wasn't a huge fan of the pizza.
The chicken artichoke flatbread was excellent. All the breads in the basket were to die for.
Quality dinner with a side of Ric Flair. Wooo!
Great acro yoga classes by Eric and Jenny! Great place to start an acro yoga practice!
If your mom would know how to cook Arabic food it would taste like sittoos . Great place
We found this restaurant on our way back to the hotel after dinner.  German beer!  Cheerful music
Great good nice place.litlle pricey but u get good foodmi had burger and was impressed
Wow!,we loved the food! Fresh,fresh,fresh! Our new sushi spot. Three's not a crowd platter is huge!
Great pizza, super wings, great deals, staff is very helping & nice!  Best pizza in Mesa.
The worst experience of my life!!! The food is horrible and the service is even worse !!
updated
Poor service, overpriced mediocre burgers. I have better luck at the Casino
Great food and great service for a fast food Mexican restaurant.  What more could you ask for.
Not the best location, but the food, service & prices....wellll worth it!  We'll be back!
The Master:  Super greasy goodness in every bite! Great burgers in downtown Toronto!
I love this airport.  Easy in, easy out. Win or lose money either direction.  Fun at the airport!
So fun and you don't have to be able to draw! Step by step in instructions and the food is great!
I wasn't that impressed, but we enjoyed the halo-halo and the bakery had some good treats.
Love this car wash. Family owned. The kids that work here are always so nice and they do a great job
Excellent place love their food , Great service , food is made fresh daily, price is average
Awesome hidden gem everything taste good and staff is really nice and courteous.
The food is fabulous! The new general manager is making it the new it spot in Las Vegas!!!
A great place to enjoy country music.  The people are friendly and most are ready to dance.
Absolutely delicious food at wonderful prices with friendly and fantastic service. Highly recommend!
Easy to work with, great limo and loved Steven, the driver.  Thank you, Platinum!
The soups are amazing. Try the lobster bisque. The salads are very good. Skip the sandwiches!
Great massage  and very cheap price $20 plus mandatory $10 minimum tip. Best deal in town
Not bad...I would grab some on my way to work but not place I would venture off to in particular.
Love! Makes me miss living in Cincy ;) Get a 3-way and a cheese coney. Don't forget the hot sauce!
Very easy to place order ahead of time,  very friendly staff, cupcakes are delicious!!
Amazing groomer! Best in town - if you own a poodle she is the girl to see.
Fun experience for me to try Filipino food. Amazing food. Can't wait to back again with my friends
Chandler MILF central, Scottsdale-lite mall. I like it. Always clean with scenery.
Best poke spot I've been to so far. Very generous with the portions. Simply Nom nom nom
The Hotel staff was  very friendly , and the room accommodations was very nice , photos attached !
Quality is really bad but as the only 24 hour place around Concordia, I guess it'll have to do
Fun dive bar with epic comedy show on Wednesday nights. You get 2 shows in 1 hockey and comedians.
Must visit restuarant at Toronto. Great food though long queue. Better to make a reservation.
Great price better than average casino buffet food. Prime rib and crab legs are the best.
Very friendly and helpful staff.  Thank goodness they are to help with our fur babies.
Noisy over priced.  Breakfast is nothing special. Felt like a very noisy cafeteria with bad service.
Excellent dinner. A bit out of the way, but service was exceptional and food delicious.
Perfect Vegas gem! Open late night and slices are huge!! Cashier was super friendly and hot!
They have a yummy mongolian beef dish!
Love the food & decor. Wish the happy hour wasn't just at the bar because it gets crowded.
my family and i love their hong kong style noodle, orange chicken, and mongolian beef...
Love bringing my son here. Super fast but excellent service. I won't take him anywhere else
Food is pretty good service a bit spotty. Huge menu and very busy with the McGill students.
The desert ridge location dining room is filthy. Would not eat inside, clean up if charge that much
Everything was old not fresh sitting in the hot trays on the line! Very gross overpriced!
Great cigars, great prices and great people.  Clearly, their priority is service.
Great Breakfast!! Come hungry! One of my favorite spots in Las Vegas!
Nice laid back atmosphere with friendly staff. Well stocked merchandise.
Place is just gross food and stains all over the floor i had one dish and didnt even eat all of it
runnnnnnnn like hell!!!!!!!! the worst salon in vegas!!!!!!!!!. they fuck up my hair!!!!!!!!!
Lola is a seasoned and exceptional server. We enjoyed the tapas and the beautiful setting.
I will recommend this club as an entertainment  Everything awesome Great Staff  Service Excellent
Awesome food and amazing customer service. I'd eat here everyday if I could!
Excellent. I got the Veggie Platter and the hummus was amazing. Great falafel, really great tabouli.
Nice airport.  In and out pretty quickly.  Much bigger than I thought.
I love the food! The fresh squeezed juices are a unique touch and the menu is delicious.
Love the neighborhood. Great feel. Nice activities. Just needs a community pool
Sweet bread was some of the best I've had in town. Will be coming back for the cake next time!!
Great location, great view and good food. The customer service is top notch too.
Great massage. Strong hands and very professional!! Way better than traveling to a spa!
Such an awesome and unique ice cream shop! Their fruity pebble ice cream is crazy good.
Nothing different from a gourmet sandwich shop but pretty good all together.
Good solid Italian fair.    Pizza and the bolognese pasta is what I get in a regular basis
Love this place. Right on my corner. Prices could be a little cheaper but overall I recommend.
Hands down, this is the best sushi in the greater Cleveland area.
The guys here are very nice. They seem to genuinely enjoy their job!
Worst service I've ever had in my life! Horrible and unprofessional. Don't bother here!!
Loved this place! Super cheap, fast and friendly. Highly recommend the spicy Korean bbq chicken!
French onion soup and steak panini sandwich was ok. There are better places for less the price.
Very welcoming atmosphere got stuck sitting in the bar stools but not bad! Good food and service
Awful experience. Rude owner. Oily dumplings. Dirty, uncomfortable, very crowded space.
I go here for the bar. Never a weak drink while Jesus and Mary are staring at me :)
If you love Vietnamese food.  This is the place to go to. Excellent customer service. Very clean!
Charming little gem in Fountain Hills.  The food is excellent. We will definitely be back.
One of my favorite places to eat. I haven't had one bad dish here. I highly recommend rat toes!
Hands down the very best!  Elaine and her staff are awesome.  Beautiful and tranquil salon!
Very expensive. Over priced items and not much of a selection for what they advertise. Too bad
We love Richi's good food, best Friday night Fish. Reasonable prices and friendly staff!
The food is fantastic and the service is wonderful. I love this place. Cozy ambience.
Got some shoes for my daughters school they had buy one get one , very helpful was great.
Every time we come to Henderson, this is the place to come for Hawaiian plate lunches. Ono delicious
Love the Momo here......To all Nepalis ....a place to be if you are missing home made food :)
Great Naans! Biryani and chicken tikka also great. Took it to go.....was pleased :-)
Patio is nice. Food was great. Restaurant was very busy so be patient when dining.
Great service and I found the best shoes for my workouts.
3.5/5! Refreshing change- very healthy options! Recommend the kale brunch salad!!
A messy sandwich but tasty!  They have gluten free bread which is nice and a large vegan selection.
The shrimp salad is ridiculously good! Everything I've had so far has been delicious
The food blend and the service was trouble.
Best buffalo chicken tenders I've had! Ask for Shaun or Jenn.
The food is consistently great.  Ask for the banana pastry :)
This place is terrible at reservations. Made one for 9 pm & 1 hour later still not seated?!?!
CLOSED WEDNESDAY!!!! Went there last wednesday but they were CLOSED. We'll try again this week.
Tiffany has been doing my hair for years and I get tons of complements!  Her color is perfect!!!
This pizza is the bomb-diggity! From the square pie to the fresh salads, it feels like home.
The salads.... ahhh... Highly recommend the SALADS!
Best dinner we have had in the last several years!...Service was top notch!  As good as it gets!
Must hit the omelet station and the prime rib.  Always save room for dessert
Excellent food ... try the Chicken Almond Rolls.  Friend and quick service.
Very good used auto parts store local to PhoenixAZ with a great selection and low prices.
great service great prices friendly and easy... highly recommend using them if you need movers...
Great service at the bar.  Friendly and fast.  Great place to watch a game and have a couple!!!
Awesome experience and friendly staff! Take your car if you're looking for honest work and bid.
Wow. The food here is beyond incredible. Had the fish tacos and guacamole. Holy shit!
bad ass vegan options!!!!!! everything we had was awesome!!! keep it rad guys thanks!!!
Great place off the beaten path. Easy walk from Downtown Grand and Fremont Street area.
Good place, kinda chill :)
Best pho around.  The broth is heaven  Great price and quick delivery. I've never been disappointed
Quick, no frills, but very tasty establishment. Get your hash browns extra crispy!
The food here is amazing. Fried rice and chili chicken is recommended the most. Cheap and best.
My Irish ancestors would be impressed! This place looks straight out of Dublin. Love it!
Never a disappointment! I keep coming back for the steak and avocado salad!! So good!
Eclectic. Awesome. Intimate. Make a stop here and make sure you get the glazed donut Bread Pudding.
Quick service, knowledgeable staff. Front desk is both friendly and engaging. No problems at all.
They have orage fresh juice and nice muffins, i like the atmosphere, many tables and good service.
Reminder of closed dates would be appreciated.  Great teachers.
Fast service and friendly staff. The staff is always smiling and food always arrives fast!
Bad food. The chicken quesadillas, tacos, and pretty much everything sucked. Not much else to say.
Really cool place to hang on a nice day. Patio seating. Burgers are amazing! Servers are friendly.
fresh chicken and the dipping sauce is awesome. sounds funny but they have the best ice for drinks
It's little expensive but donuts look good
This place is a hidden gem, came for Valentine's food was great and put waiter was awesome.
Slow Internet. Poor wiring. Fitness room closed. No comfort.
One year later and our screens still look brand new, no fading like the "others" you see.
Veggie burger and pina colada? Yummm. The dessert trying trio I'd highly recommend.
Great place to take the kids!  Just make a reservation so you aren't waiting too long!
Food was good and the view was awesome!  I liked the Pepper Crusted Bison Tenderloin =)
I love this place . Friendly environment delicious drinks and great prices . Recommend it
Sorry she pretended I wasn't there and it felt wrong...zero stars!!
Awesome food!!! Very nice people!!! We have been there for the last 3 Saturday's and will keep going
The food was incredible.  the service was wonderful. I just love everything about this place.
Hey this is probably one of the best place for an asain fusion meal. Great food and relaxed place
Fast, professional, and incredibly patient with some of the high maintenance clientele.
Among all the other station casinos, Red Rock is my favorite! It is rather new, elegant and clean!
Meatball pizza with ricotta and fresh basil on top after cooked. YUMMO! Will definitely go back.
Great food, good service and nice ambience.
Great spot. Attention to detail. Staff is awesome. Only takes cash but worth it for the price!
Had the chorizo breakfast burrito enchilada style, explosion of awesome all up in my face!
Amazing and yummy. The chips were fresh and the salsa was yummy. Had the sampler combo. YUM.
Amazing customer service!! Got my blues skirt altered and it only took me 15 minutes!!!
Great food! Ever since Savana got fired things have only gotten better
Pretty tasty toppings. Pancakes weren't the best. Price for everything was fantastic! 3.5 stars.
Very expense.  The patio is so so .  I wasn't overly impressed however the food was great .
Poor customer service. Told me to go to another dunkins for what I wanted. I drove here from Laveen!
Nice Mexican food and drinks, right in the heart of Mtl, a super hot busboy made my night
Good Place. Ordered delivery. We got a salad and cheese pizza. Both were delicious and big.
Or not - this place looks to be closed.... OR perhaps undergoing renovations?  Hang tight!
dude - its the freakin' Encore - its amazing!!!  not a better place to stay in vegas in my opinion
Creative menu, always enjoy the food. Lively pleasant crowd. Great waitstaff. Afordable
These guys are excellent. Fast service, friendly personnel and fair pricing.
Amazing photos! Love the 3D affect they take in different lighting. Simply stunning!
Great food!! Quality was perfect! The chicken wings are delicious! Specially the mango habanero!
Love Barbi and this quaint little salon!  Stylish and savvy, she ensures results and a good time!   
Really great Roti!  The shop is a bit messy but overall nice size portions and friendly service.
Super close to the strip, staff is helpful very friendly and cashiers are pleasant to the eyes!!
Steaks are among the best.  Service always good.  Prices within reason.   One of best off strip.
They accommodated my dietary preferences by offering a dinner sized salad that was excellent.
Really great coffee; amazing space; beautiful wood tables.
This place is a joke. No one wants ro work there, they are pissed when customers walk in
Crap! No really the worst pizza ever will never order it again. Threw it out after one bite!!!
Just try it. You won't regret it. We got the cajun chicken sandwich most of the times. And fries.
Excellent work.  My house doesn't smell like dog pee any more.  Huzzah!
Not good... Stopped on St. Party's for a corned beef... Very fatty tough to eat... Dissapointed
Overall the food is ok. Nothing stands out but has good variety and very reasonable price.
I was pleasently surprised... this place is really good... maybe best in the area...
Nough said!!! The best!!!
Delightful place. Rice pudding is creamy not too sweet and  delicious!  I'll be back to try more.
Great tasty food Good prices Clean place They deliver !!
Fast, open late, friendly.  Only drawback was a basic oil change is $60.
Nice staff and interesting food combinations! Loved it!
Best food in Arizona. The chef here is just amazing and the scallops are to die for.
Vanisa is the only person I let do my nails, she is super fast and does a great job :)
J'aime bien leur hot dog et la Poutine et ses pas trop cher et ses proche de chez moi en plus
Love this park, so close to my house and always fun to walk over for Pokemon hunting!
Had the maple bacon and cookie dough donuts...best I've ever had. Goes great with their coffee.
Love love love this place ah food ah Amazing everything about it ah mAzing employees are supper nice
Absolutely stellar food and hospitality by the people who work there. Great for big groups.
Best patio in the city! Order the Diablo! It's not on the menu
Ordered Bruschetta and it was completely burnt.  Had to pay a premium for New Years too.
do not come here. yheor kitchen loses orders consistently. customer service is terrible.
Always arrive early to get great deals with the vendors. Love coming here every weekend.
Love coming to this Costco never long lines and friendly staff. Also a variety of sample
Amazing vibes with beards and even more amazing food.  Will keep coming back again and again.
Solid! I am a pizza guy and I think its good stuff.  I would give it a 4.2
I love Z and I'll buy her shots any time she wants, which is all day long.
Was worth it to get into the different clubs. Nice variety.
Limited beer selection especially what is on tap. pretty good burgers. Typical sports bar.
My second stop at an Urban Barn.  I still love it!  Great stuff, good prices, helpful staff.
Delicious!  Had the Trinity and enjoyed every bite!  Brisket worthy of a world championship!
Such a horrible place to work smiths is a great company it's this particular location
Had a factory speaker replaced. Great, fast & friendly service from Zack. Fair prices. Thumbs up!
Awesome. I got sleeves shortened on 2 blazers here. They did a great job and charges only $25.
What a great, eclectic breakfast place. Friendly staff, unique menu, and fast service!
Great Oysters & Sliders on Mondays and Wednesdays. Great atmosphere as well.
More like FAB Burgers!   No, not really. It's just ok. The free topping are pretty great.
Fun A good meeting spot Quick drinks  A central location to people watch  Easy exit
Excellent Rueben Sandwich, and Italian Panini (toasted). Sports bar ambience. You will enjoy!!!!!!
Great food great quality. Matt was a great server and there is a damn game room. 5 stars.
I got hooked on their new zeppole and chicken alfredo! great food.
Al Pastor Burger... Best Burger in my LIFE!!!
The brisket was seriously the best I've ever had- not just the tenderness & juiciness but the flavor
So many neat items and a great way to spend your day. Loved it!
There bowls are awesome big and a ton of flavor something in every bit, highly recommended!
Staff are awesome, vibe is great.  One of the better bars in Toronto for sure.
Yay QT! Best gas station eva!!!
Would not recommend this company.   Not a positive experience.  Extremely poor communication.
Wonderful, casual atmosphere. Nice wait staff. Reasonable prices. I would recommend this place!
Ordered the steak and a skewer of shrimp. Tasted delicious but my stomach did not agree with it
Zoey is an awesome instructor. Fun thing to do when visiting LV.
$39.99 for a crappy seafood buffet... Stay away! Meatless, Dried and tasteless crab legs.
So delicious. Great service. We had the turkey crepe and a poached egg sandwich. Both hit the spot.
A bit seedy but the drinks are cheap and I won $40.00 bucks!!
Best carne Asada I've ever had in my life! And I've been to plenty Mexican restaurant s
I go here about once a week.  Love the chilli chicken, house shrimp, and green beans.
Bad quality. Impossible to get through and takes forever to get results back. Incompetent.
Excellent service, very clean, friendly staff, I love my nails!! Lilly was so lovely!
foods is good. casual restaurant but atmosphere ... all staffs are looks very busy.
dumplingasm..........crab soup dumplings with big chunks of real crab meat.....LEGIT soup dumplings!
Excellent, great service, desserts, prices....bottom-line, the best patisserie in the city.
A 'must-see' for travelers! Ride the slide. Eat snake and steak. Great view!
Hands down my favorite place to grab either a burger or italian beef in the valley.
very nice lunch buffet. also convenient delivery available. i love pepper steak and shrimp dish.
We ate out on the patio- absolutely incredible atmosphere. Loved our entire experience!
Awesome service and thoughtful consideration of our young family
I love this pizza. Great crust and sauce. Its one of a kind and could imagine any other pie.
Food was great, our waitress Brandy was attentive, kind and knowledgeable about the menu.
Ok so my second visit was horrible but my third visit to have Elaine fix my nails ended in smiles
Ordered a variety of tasty dishes;  sat back and enjoyed the evening in a nice subdued atmosphere.
The best! Best coaching, best lessons and best facility. Pricing is awesome and we love it.
Had a delicious, large Cobb salad for lunch.  A little pricey, but very good.
Beautiful city views, fun atmosphere & good steak. Can be a bit pricey but to me its worth it.
I know it's a chain, but it's delicious, you can't deny it. Love their salads and the Rigatoni D.
Very nice place. Been there several times and never disappoints. Quiet with a nice view.
I used to like McDonald's but I'm getting older and like other restaurants.
tres bon restaurant ses un aporte votre vin beaucoup de saveurs dans la nourritures
I had a small red velvet cupcake, delish. The staff could have been a bit friendlier.
A true Toronto classic. The northwest corner of Yonge and Dundas wouldn't be the same without him.
I love this place when I want German food. We go there for Breakfast and Dinner.
Great for breakfast, inexpensive, and tasty! The $.99 Bloody Mary was delicious also.
Amazing Colombian food!!! Fair prices, owner managed and delicious.  Have been there several times!
Super fast and efficient and Dorothy is hilarious. Definitely recommend it !!
Bailey is great!  Gave me exactly what I wanted and and was very knowledgeable. Great experience!
This is the best company of all theaters. Started by Red Harkins. What gets better than this?
Great little shop with tasty joe and friendly staff. Outdoor seating, some baked goods and wifi.
Bomb tacos!!!! Soooo delish!! Fresh ingredients and made to order. Definitely recommend!!!
Overrated and not that fresh tasting. The service was sub-par. Way better options in Scottsdale.
Awesome venue in downtown Scottsdale! Love everything about this place. Hubby & I had omlets. Yummy!
went here for Valentines day with my girlfriend. Service was wonderful and food was amazing.
Its awesome lunch, dinner and even snack time! you will enjoy this when you just have the craving.
My favorite in town! I have tried 5 different pho restaurant and this one is the best!
Worst place ever!!! Service was slow as fuck and wait u have to wait about a half hr just for rice!!
One of the best meals I had in Toronto. The gyoza was amazing.
Absolutely love this place! Great food and amazing quality. It is definitely a must try
Lunch break spot been gong here since High-school great eats for 30 plus years and still great
Great beer selection and atmosphere with a wonderful location and spacious pAtio. Hard to beat!
Normal but pretty good coffee joint
So sad it's closed! It was great place to kick back and enjoy really great food. RIP.
One of my favourite buffets in town, all you can eat crab legs, oysters, shrimps at seafood night.
Good food for the price if you use players card Service not as good as station casinos
great local spot to get a greasy dinner breakfast!
Of the Ka Chi locations, this one by Chinatown is my favorite for pork bone soup.
The best steak, eggs and bloody Mary"s in town
Service was slow. Considered bar backing myself, no bar keep. Food was sub-par. Stay away.
Was not great...go to little Hong Kong for good Chinese food in Ridgeville.
nice store with tons of inventory. one dressing room sucks
The owner knows more about pools than anybody else we taljed to, a true expert and professional.
One of the best Chinese eateries in champaign. The food tastes awesome and the price is reasonable.
I get coffee here (sometimes). I haven't died (yet). It's a good start.
Josh was a big help ! Everyone there is very helpful and nice. Big selection and good prices!
A delicious Carne Asada burrito. I can't wait to go back and trust me it will be soon.
People are nice! The gelato is amazing super yum-yum!
Great experience, no extra surcharges like mileage or sale pressures, easy to pick up and return.
A bit expensive, but very tasty. Had the turkey panini & veal ravioli.
I can honestly say that the food is paradise on your palate! Love. Love. Love. this place
Quality food in a pleasant atmosphere. Our waitress Heidi was excellent you should ask for her.
Nice atmosphere, friendly, prompt staff, free wifi, and good coffee.
I was told about this place by a local.  Very good food and fresh. The staff is excellent.
The best peameal bacon sandwich you will ever have! 5/5! Delicious!!!
Awesome. Best chicken wings in town. Crispy on the outside juicy on the inside :)
Excellent and delicious pressed sushi. We had the tasting menu. Amazing. Just wish there was more.
Very friendly, warm and cozy... Fabulous food.
My favorite place to buy supplements. So Much cheaper than GNC. Love Mary too. Highly recommend
Food very good. Kids like it too. Service a little slow but I wouldn't hesitate to return!
Great fun place to go with a group.  We loved the fruit filled drinks and the ping pong!
A very personable and relatable staff .  I felt welcomed. Everyone is professional and courteous.
Closed for renovations.  Seem major. Came by for brunch but...Hope they are back soon.
Love this place the beer selection is awesome, the vibe is great, and cornhole doesn't hurt either!
This location is great! Fast and super friendly service! It's the only place I will go :)
Nice but smoke filled the modern version of a speak easy.
I thought I was ordering beer but it was tequila. But it was still good. The wizard theme was cool.
Hot, dirty, poor service. We only had one drink at the bar, the facility is disgusting.
Great food, cold beer, great micheladas! Oscar the bartender was great. Highly recommend this place!
Go QuikTrip! Try The Freaking Egg Rolls. Amazing.
Store owner was very rude to me and actually cursed at me for using an Amex.
Best #33 in Phoenix Poached egg, feta, Parmesan cheeses  with spinach, tomato  & basil .... Yummy
Pretty good but I still prefer a vinnys pizza over anything.
I eat here at aminimum once per week. The food is good and healthy.  I will continue to eat here
Service was good, great prime rib and the cream corn was exceptional.
Our first order.  We are only down the street on Windmill. Pizza arrived cold.
The wait time is a bit... But I now know to call and order ahead... But the food is DEElish!
This was such a fun experience! All you can eat, great variety of rolls, excellent service!
They no longer have a monte cristo sandwich on the menu. The ham and Brie is really good though.
It was awesome until I got charged for a corona  I didn't drink. Until that I was in love.
Convenient transportation from the Vdarra. Used it several times during our stay in LV.
Great service with authentic South American food. Fish taco is awesome
The food is fantastic! Just wish this place was bigger, was very cramped, had a really small table.
Pretty good in my last visit. Nice broth, good service too! A bit salty for me though.
This place is just alright. The service was good. I just feel like the food could be so much better.
Great place.  Always consistent with food.  Sauces are great...be sure to try the 'Damn Hot'.
Very good pepperoni pizza.  Big burger.  Good,friendly server
Breakfast was a little bland, service was good, probably won't return for seconds anytime soon.
First place I ever stayed in Vegas it was like 13 years ago. It has aged well. Roller Coaster rocks!
Reasonable price for Las Vegas and the service is decent. The food is pretty good too!
The service was outstanding and the food was so good! The lamb especially! A must come!
Great dogs, great service, and great sides.  Have been a few times and always great.  Good job guys!
had a great time with the family. The holes are challenging and fun.
I love this place.  This has become my favorite breakfast place.  Eggs Benedict. Best ever.
So delicious! Go here for good food and a great time I promise you nor your stomach will regret it.
This was fun.  Makes for great picture taking.
Great price and beautiful presentation. I highly suggest the smooth green tea flavor!
Great place. Arepas are just the best thing ever. It's quick and easy with nice people there.
I'm at Terminal 3.  Nice as it's my second time compared to the Term 1 for 15+ years!
Excellent food!!! An amazing variety of meats, excellent sides!!!! The service is superb too!!!!
Quick and friendly services! Also discounts are offered on certain days of the week!
Always a great family meal but don't try to use coupons it confuses them!
Great place and great food . Me and my wife love the food. And the waitress Pin was very nice.
Went shortly after they opened. Service was slow and the food overpriced and overrated.
Amazing!!! Love the space, bread is fantastic:) Teatro group does another great place!!!
Loved the Nachos, loved the brunch bottomless mimosas, and loved Luz as our waitress.
Slow. Still got order wrong. Could not even answer basic questions about food. Moderately clean.
Great service, fun staff and stellar sushi. Lunch is a good deal and usually pretty quick.
I still really like this place - and the owner cracks me up.  She's got a wicked sense of humor.
Very poor experience.  Food very bland and service was extremely slow.  Won't be back.
pretty good deal for an all you can eat sushi restaurant.  quality of the seafood was very fresh.
Delicious food, fantastic service and great prices!!
My girlfriend and I really enjoyed our visit. Friendly staff, well priced, and excellent ice cream.
Food was pretty decent. . Think fat boy took my order looks like a fat 12yearolder lol
Best sushi in scarborough Don't let the location or facade fool you. This place is too notch.
Small Selection but good food... makes me feel heathy when i shop there haha.
I've spent time in Peru.  This is seriously the real deal. try the Lomo Saltado.
Pesto Pizza with Fresh Mozzarella....DROOOOL....nuff said!
Great lunch specials, great prices, great food, and I didn't even think I liked Thai food :)
Had a really fun time, and unique enviornment!  Good food
Decent food with lots of vegeterian options but pricey as with most vegas restaurants.
I am a cheese lover and I love the pepper jack cheese on a stick! The best comfort food!!
Well worth the 25 bucks! One of those must see places in LV!  Great break from the gambling!
fast and tasty...............delivery driver Bryce was a sweet heart!
If you are in the mood for cheap, fast, greasy American Chinese, this is the place to go.
Good take-out with BA drinks!  Take-out only Diabetics stay away from the lemonade.
Quick an easy. But then again I was just cashing a check lol very friendly staff In an out in 7 min
WinCo consistently puts the best deals on groceries. Also has the best bulk food options.
Very good haircuts on both my boys. 3 rd time coming and very pleased with all 3 visits.
All of their food was good, but kebbe was excellent.  It was fast and clean.  Would go back again.
Thanks for the salad with NO salad dressing ! This is the second time now ! Lunch ruined thanks
I have been going to L'v nails for a few years now. They used to do a gr job but the man is rude.
Amazing service and team of professionals  I would recommend them for any of your needs
Yummy, soft and fresh donughnuts. Loads of varieties and softer than those available at dunkin
Great vegan food with so many options!! The iced chai was delicious as were the "chicken" nuggets!
awesome place to get a great workout or relax! also a lot of fun events are hosted here.
Phad Thai not spicy enough for husband. Otherwise, the rest of Our guests enjoyed their meals.
Very expensive place to take your car for repairs - I would recommend going elsewhere.
This is the strangest airport to me... Half the people are excited the other half looks beaten
Zack was an incredible tour guide!  Great walk, great history, & delicious well thought out food!!!
Nice and clean place, plenty of food but quality is not that good. This is second time here.
Worst wait time and customer service. The food at this point is beyond the point.
Denise was our waiter and she was THE BEST! This place is the best ever and the food is wonderful
Very friendly service, great food and great price. My favorite dish is general chicken!
Very good happy hour. Surfer roll is unique and delicious!!! It's also hearty. Great staff
NO NO NO, this placemakes Panda Express seem gourmet. Garbage food!
Awesome service! Always on time and I love that they email me to let me know when they are coming. I
First time going there. Food is good. You have to try the disco ball washrooms!
Nothing special. Polite and quick service, but the food was very mediocre.
Fresh and good.  Jerk Chicken did have a lot of bones. Get the large.
Delicious Food, Friendly Servers, Fave server, MO,Jack, Eric & Justin.
The only place I feel it's acceptable to have a drink...or more at an airport.
Very slow service but Tony compensated with free tea and bruschetta, he was very helpfull
Had brake pads installed was grossly overcharged .they failed to reset sensors would not recommend
Great food and vibe! The staff was fantastic. Highly recommended
Very friendly staff, loved the extra perks they give you. Great food!
What a surprise. First visit 2 weeks ago. Grilled chicken sandwich was awesome. Great happy hour.
Painkiller (Level II, house rum) - Don't think, just order, drink, repeat.  Thank me later.
This place is amazing josh was a delight to have taking care of us will definitely be coming back!
Decent Wendy's, not the best but not the worst. customer service could have been better.
This is the best new mexican food that I have ever eaten. The hatch chillis are to die for.
We take all our visitors to Buffalo Chip for Muttin Bustin and Bull Riding.
Great local place! The food is always fresh and delicious. Service is fast and friendly.
They sure cook up a delicious Bahn Mi!  Can't wait to come again for some pho.
Good times and good prices..  Employees in too big of a hurry to add to the experience...
Quick attentive service and good food. Byob though, so remember your beer/wine, if you want a drink.
High prices, poor selection and uninviting in general.
First time in a speakeasy so no reference but very cool atmosphere and great service.
Very nice. Love the XD theater. Great place to escape on a Sunday afternoon.
Entire staff was friendly, knowledgeable and efficient! Thank you!
Not bad.  Not the best I've ever had but not the worst either.  Would order out again.
Crap  rubber pasta dishes  opt for lean cuisine instead
Very authentic, everything was delicious. Loved the chicken tikka Marsala and garlic naan!
While outside it is advertised as a 24 hour drive thru, I waited 15 minutes with no service.
For dessert:  Fried bananas with rum sauce Durian ice cream (!!!)
What a great place  Love Israeli food.  Clean and kosher food My own opinion the best In town
Not really a mall shopper. The restrooms could certainly use an upgrade. They are awful.
Fun area. Fuku Burger makes it.
Here for a conference busy in this area but food is great they give u a lot.. will definitely return
This place is so slow and needs a new crew badly all they do is talk and play around.
I like to eat spicy food as much as possible. I like this dish. It suits my appetite.
Quick Response and Great Service! They are a talented team and I highly recommend them.
AC is a bit too strong but nice atmosphere. Their lamb kebab and hand rolls r my fav.
Jovanny was  the best!!!   Awesome server and made our trip worthwhile!!!  Be back soon!!!
Nu uh
EExcellent shrimp with scallops and risitto. Rich and cooked to perfection. A++ in my book.
Ballsmazing! Our server, Adam S., was one of the best I have had at any establishment, ever!
This was a Good place to get pizza.  As far as I know they are No Longer Open at this Location.
Absolutely amazing!!!!  No cork fee just bring your own bottle!!
Meh. High prices and food isn't delicious. Your local Filibertos is way better and less expensive .
Phenomenal crepes, both savory and sweet. Good coffee. Excellent service as well.
distinctive decor, great service, delicious cocktails, fabulous omelet. i'll be going back!
A bit pricey but the food is great. I would definitely suggest the chicken wings!
Been there a lot of times. love their Khmer Beef. But i do think the quality is dropping....
I find this place mediocre. And it's over priced for such simple meals. Too salty and over cooked.
Best mall in Calgary. Great mix of stores, lots of parking.
Great cowboy atmosphere, and the food is good too!
Great drinks and amazing service. A REAL speakeasy. They play into that vibe completely.
Incredible place to stay with fantastic customer service . Also the location is a 10.
Belle ambiance et les meilleurs latt s de Montreal
Great Thai food.  My wife and I will be back for sure.  She said she loved the curry and egg rolls.
prices are great, and I find my favorite peruvian food condiments
Awesome BBQ. Lots of food and not pricey. A place you can go back to, and the food is good.
$6 and change for a breakfast burrito...that's insane.  And no, it wasn't $6 worth of good.
Great food but horrible waitress. Very slow service. Waited 15 minutes just for water!
A hidden gem everything is HOMEMADE  the best donuts  check out there specials good customer service
I've had seafood better from a food truck. Horribly overpriced for bad quality plates.
Excellent food and the service is even better. It has a great view of the city with outdoor seating.
Awesome Barista's! Fast and friendly service! Graet Lattes
Average food. Average service. Only plus- went on a beautiful day and was able to sit outside.
You guys are the best place to get all the supplements I need to get the best results!!
Great place for a huge group. They have huge portions, so order carefully. I loved the food here.
My favorite drinks! Wish prices were a little cheaper but i keep coming for my yummy addiction!
Food is ok, but Super slow! Didn't get my good until 20 min after ordering. Wouldnt come here again!
The customer service here was excellent! Pete was a great help and took care of me and my car.
INCREDIBLE place!! The best reflexology I've had in a very long time! I recommend the 90 min!!!
Jeremy was incredible at the bar and the food is phenomenal!  I highly recommend everything!!
Always good service and good food at fair prices.  Miss the location being in Mentor.
So helpful and courteous! Quick turn around time. I send all our people here for fingerprinting!
Delicious bread and cookies! The multigrain is my favourite. Sometimes it's so fresh it's warm.
Amazing! Super deluxe included much, including glass of wine. Relaxing and beautiful!
Awesome greek fries and great wings if u can handle spicy food
Great soul foods(if you have ever lived in South India/Srilanka)
My vacuum was clean, however I assumed that the filters would be washed as well which they were not.
Quick, family friendly, romantic, amazong atmosfere and the presentation is top notch..
Best fried catfish evvveeerr!!!
Pretty good Indian place, one of the best I've had outside of India.
Awesome food and friendly staff.  Must try! Spicy beef and the beets are are a must try.
Love their sandwiches! I highly recommend to others!
The great food sinful macaroons and friendly staff keep me coming back! Pumkin macaroon is my fave!
This place does not understand the meaning of sugar, If you want something sweet go somewhere else
Good suprise!! Great food and great service!!Highly recommend. I will definitely come back again!!
Worst beer I had.   Did not taste like beer.    My husband's glass smelled vomit.   Both felt sick.
over all the food is for 55 or older people,the food was bland with no flavor
It's the local to the apartment complex so it's handy. Tons of TV food is average though
Bad customer service refer to my tip from today.
Saw Andrea for my hair today. She's so fun and upbeat!   She was great with my hair request.
We loved this little hole in the wall!!! YUM chicken tika masala.
Tasty food, long wait, super uncomfortable seats and a little pricey for Filipino food
Every time I bring my car here, I leave thinking, "Why did I bring my car here?" .... shame on me.
Butterfields is the best! Don't leave without ordering a glass of fresh orange juice!
Best donuts in town!!! Great service and I'm not kidding best donuts in town.
I LOVE Roland's !!! Always amazing seafood and kickass servers - not sure why the hate on yelp ???,
Great food and service! Hot fresh and delicious. A great way to celebrate Mother's day.
Cute, funky spot with great, authentic Japanese food!
Panda Express is always a great place to eat. My girls love everything they get there!
Amanda did an awesome job with my cut and blowout  the shampooing /massage process was amazing
Great Fish and chips and the wife enjoyed her salmon salad. Awesome staff, definitely a nice PUB.
Great little Mexican place. Nothing super fancy but for the money you can't go wrong.
Excellent service, open late on weekends, cool space to play board games, study, or just hang out.
When I first started going there the food was alright and felt well priced for the portion.
Tasty food, great service.  A consistent go-to spot for the BLT salad and muffaletta burger .
Long story short if you want cheap representation of Korean, Chinese or Japanese come here.
Lots of tasty take out! But the lady taking the orders is so damn rude ! Rush rush rush !
Just. Gross. & don't even try going here if you're vegetarian. Just go to joyride up the street.
The girl in the drive-thru was an angel. The custard sandwiches were pretty good too.
This place is AMAZING we found on yelp everything was so good can't wait to come back again.
My fave place to go to in Vegas. Have to stop here for my loco moco fix.
Very large outlet mall with lots of stores.  It is clean and open.
Best place ever.  Clean.   Good bkf. Nice beds. Got ride to blossom. Dont drive.anymore. get ride
Without a doubt one of the best pizza places I've been too on the east side of Phoenix
It's was awesome  night with my wife on Monday  The music there was so good
Pretty good food looked pre packaged but tasted good. Interesting atmosphere, very modern.
Authentic, very tasty, reasonably priced, you would think your in Mexico. I will be back...
If you love a good donut then definitely recommend Pink Box donuts.  They are the best in town!
It was cooooooollllllll. The personnel were very friendly but the lines were very long.
Ils n'ont plus de bi re en fut malheureusement.
I love the melting pot!  I wish they had like local specials (they have industry specials).
Amazing freshly made soup. Really nice pizza and place has a liquor liscense which is a bonus.
Warm, friendly ....  nice and reliable and conveniently located inside PV Mall.
Great food for a good price. Shrimp scampi pasta was delicious!
Utopia Dream Tea is now under new management with a brand new look and new menu.
Great upstairs patio and good food. Loved it.
Prompt! Kind! Helpful! and Good! Thank you Zoe.
Traveling on business, best Spicy Italian sub I've ever had. Cool place with good sandwiches.
This restaurant has specials for the lunch. I love this menu, Grilled pork and Shanghai noodle.
Une institution sur la rive-sud. Une des plus belles terrasses
Delicious food .. awesome customer service .. I am a regular now ..
Food was okay but beware of the "auto-tip" scam, even on a party of 2!
Delicious food, great service, vast selection of wine and spirits. Had a great dinner here.
The best chinese food around.  Polite, clean, and great service. The buffet is great as well!
Really good pizza joint.  Worth a try even with living in Woodbridge being taken into account.
Seafood platter. Ravioli.  Salmon. Perfection. Great service. Bring your checkbook...
Their spa is amazing! The pre natal massage is the best I've had! Must try even though quite pricey
I luv this casino !!! Stayed in a lot of suite here .. Amazing ! Luv t bartenders at Rocks Lounge !
All black bear  restaurants are #1 for breakfast. Never pass up a great meal!!!
Overall mediocre. Decent sushi, average prices. Went one time..idk if I'd go back
not vegetarian friendly.  took over an hour to get in the buffet.   they do not like feedback.
Very good pho! Tasty broth, fresh ingredients. This place is one of 2 I go to in Vaughan. Yum
 
Great service.  From online booking to airport dispatch to drop off.  Very reasonable pricing.
Went in for an oil change & lube & received great service! Thanks Brian Bennett
I want my money back! Fries so greasy and soggy and burger so bland, need a little salt!
the food is alright. I have kimchi stew, nothing special. I prefer Mon Ami over this
Good food, Amanda is awesome server but lighting is awful.
Great staff and thorough. Will recommend to anyone needing help. Very modern and friendly people.
I love when I go visit my son at School (GCU) We get to go here its our favorite in Phx..
spicy salsa bar fits the east side attitude margaritatas
They have Very good food, good customer service. Will definitely go back. All American restaurant.
Our favorite pizza in Arizona  great place for big groups too We are from N.Y. We travel to get here
Super fun club that welcomes all people and has great pop music you can sing along to!
Awesome experience!  Before we were done my son was tight on the barrel like a pro.  What a rush!
Vegas baby! But when are they going to fix that taxi line?! SoooOo slow each and every time.
Still good as they always been, new location is cool. Wish they'd bring back carne asada torta.
$15 for a two inch square piece of over cooked salmon??? This was a sad attempt at Texas BBQ.
Great fresh food and service. Baghalie is great and Koobideh excellent! Will definitely go back!
Beautiful, clean facility with awesome staff, a great variety of classes, and a welcoming vibe!
delicious millie crepes! good price and portion! absolutely recommended!
Thank you Evelyn for the great service. The food here was Amazing! I will definitely be back!
Fun place, funky atmosphere, very good food and spectacular service. Off the beaten path.
High octane coffee. They don't have a dark roast which is a Bummer but staff is friendly.
Really great Beer selection. The seafood, meat, and poultry is well organized.
Ice cream was average. I had the salted caramel and it was good, but not a strong flavor.
Did a great job with my car. Got my AC fixed and got my oil changed there later. Staff was very good
Authentic New York style pizza!  Totally yummy!  The wings are BOMB!  I WILL go there all the time!
Had another wonderful girls spa say. Everyone loved their services!
Loved sitting outside with the birds and having good coffee every morning
I ate lunch at Sage today and great food, quickly served and affordable . highly recommend
Excellent food jam is awesome! Our server alissa  was great! We will be back. place is clean!
Always fresh! Delicious chicken every time, my two boys and I love Canes !
Waitress was great.  Taco was good.  Not so good enchilada, burrito, beans. Sick most of the night.
Loved the simplicity of it. No frills, just good people and good food. A nice throwback.
what did you say???  sorry, I couldn't hear you over the noise...
This place has good food, but the portions are very small for the high prices they charge.
I asked for extra cheese and this is what I got... I'm pretty sure the employees have brain damage.
Lorises did an amazing job Great service,  Food, and friendliness A lot of fun for our team  RR
love this place i always get my hair done the way i want and leave with a little change in my pocket
I have been waiting for a dosa since 1 hr and when ever I ask them they say 5 mins.worst service
Way do you never have change? Also employees seem to have trouble with orders many mistakes
Love this place great customer service and great quality haircut! Ask for Jose highly recommended.
Always a great haircut from Mike.   Sunday hours make it all-the-more convenient
Came for brunch on Weekday. Food is ok. Staff tried to rush us even though it was not a busy day.
If you like Lox bagels then you'll love this place. It puts Einstein bagels to shame.
Always love me some good old fashioned country cooking!!! Reminds me of my Granny and home!
Good place for when the bbq craving hits.
Perfect for vintage and western wear... Love the owners...
Over priced,  Over hyped restaurant. .. nothing to write home about. Stick with Twin peaks.
Awesome place, very good portion and reasonable price. A gem at an unexpected location.
Great spot to grab lunch or a snack while shopping. A little pricey for the portion size.
Best place in Leslieville. Creative food, wonderful drinks and great ambiance.
LOVE THIS PLACE.    Great breakfasts!! Fast, affordable and delicious!!!
Comfort food with finesse. Nice change up for us locals tired of fighting strip traffic.
So fun, great atmosphere! Love the coffee at Luci's....
Very friendly service with drinkable coffee and delicious dessert. A nice place to stay in cold day.
Grab a seat by the window, great happy hour special and free wifi!  Lovely place for dining alone!
Cobb salad was awesome.  Kelly was a sweetheart! Would come back for sure.
Overpriced Low Value Long wait times Poor quality.  If these things describe your coffee go here.
Probably the best smoked meat west of Montreal.
Neighborhood Snow Cone Shack !!  It can be a long wait but well worth the it !!
Perfect location, always great service and always my favorite cupcakes in the world!!!
Excellent, reliable service that does what they say they'll do. What else can you ask?
new owners, great atmosphere, awesome food! you gotta try the chicken wrap, the sauce is awesome.
My favorite store in the Fashion Show mall.   http://www.talulahg.com/
Great quality groceries!!! Really nice fruit and veggies and meat and everything
Nice knowledgeable guys, good service. Just started longboarding with son and everyone was helpful.
Love Sushi Wow the best Sushi so far! Very nice people very homely we try to go once a week!
Coral is a rude employee. I live at a highrise down the street and this lady was so rude to me.
great food/beverage specials!  definitely worth trying!
Everything here is so delicious! Hoping to get over there soon to try their peach sweet rolls.
It's a delicious restaurant and the waitress is really friendly. =)
Unimpressed with the food and atmosphere.  I wish I had purchased my grinder elsewhere.
My Go-To place for lunch.   Awesome lunch special.
They prepare omelets to order with a choice of toast.  Grab a seat and they'll deliver.  Nice.
Very rude staff. Went twice, both times had bad experiences. Never again.
Bomb food real authentic Mexican food. No added flavor salsa on point.. really delicious!!!
Very good. Liked the fat Elvis and the sweet potato
Best Mexican in the area the guacamole is to die for.great value can't wait to go back.
Wonderful food and Nice place. Drink with Ouzo and strawberry was great. Reasonably priced.
Went for brunch on a Saturday and the food was just plain not good. Service was wonderful however!
Fan Boy Fries are the best :] i love them
Excellent staff and service. Dr Lindgren is a pet-whisperer for all my animals which is comforting.
Best New Mexican food in town! Great happy hours prices and fun environment! Love their margaritas!
Food was okay. Had the Aloha Bento.  The beef was tough.  Chicken and fish were good.
these guys did a great job on my suits at a decent price
Dorton's is the best heating and air company in the Monroe/Charlotte area.
Seats & floor was dirty with popcorn & spilt soda, movie was 30 mins late in starting
Love the chip, did the VIP above the bull riding had a blast thank for the great time
Come for the coffee...drive to Dee's for the donuts.
This place is a complete waste of money. I would recommend any other restaurant for the price.
The quality was very bad, Briyani was spoiled and the chicken was also old.
Incredible pool an outstanding service. The drinks were delicious we will definitely be back
Wow, I have no words.  I kinda felt bad for him.  Not sure if I will get the evil eye now ;(
I took my husband's boots here for repair and they look brand new! Highly recommended
Banana foster pancakes are the best I've ever had. The Portuguese sausage and eggs was good too.
Quite, clean and friendly staff. Starbucks and coffee always make for an enjoyable visit.
The staff was great and friendly but food was slightly disappointing. Pancakes were bland.
Decent corned beef sandwich here and friendly waitstaff. Fries were actually great too!
Made us wait 50 minutes for an X-ray, slow as snail, find somewhere else to get your images taking.
Real nice guys and the wings were great.   I had the honey BBQ.    Will definitely be back
love the food!! the lemon chicken soup is to die for!!!!!!
Just bought some workout drinks here. Mark was working and he was awesome. Thanks Mark!!
Love taking Zumba classes here! This is such a fun studio.
Great burger & fries the custard was lacking something. Nielsens custard is way better.
Love the Carne Asada with the Borracho Beans here. The Mexicali Mule is perfect to wash it down too!
Delicious!!! Vegan menus with SO MANY CHOICES! Must try for vegan Las Vegas travelers!
Great Mexican food and good service. A little hard to find, however. Could use more signage.
Love my nails! They turned out perfect! Thanks Rocky for inviting me to try your nail salon.
Great Happy hour, amazing atmosphere, friendly service, best tamales I've ever had.
Usually I like Midtown. The service was good. My steak however was overcooked and too salty.
4 donuts $17! They're just average tasting donuts. I wouldn't go back. The service was good.
Worst vegas show I've ever seen. Save your money. It was like a high school production.
The bulgogi was one of the best and our server Howard and luke were generous
terrible service, waited an hour never got to bowl
People here are very rude and quite uneducated on what they are serving food is extremely decent.
Great Customer Service, The Carne Asada Burrito was Excellent will definitely be coming back.
Great nan and I love their palak paneer. Also great prices on beer
Outstanding! Friendly people, good food, very reasonable prices. Will not hesitate to return!
Tasty food and great customer service from all the crew! This will be my go to spot for lunch now
Good food, great yogurt soju, even worse customer service. Hostess had a terrible attitude.
Best margarita in town! I can't wait to go back for more clams, salad, and drinks!
Spent the weekend to participate in a hackathon.  Not sure as a co-working space, but great venue.
Extremely bad customer service, go to 5 star Fitness Depot instead and request price match.
i recommend not using this company.everything i said i wanted they did the opposite. dreadful!
Great quick, fresh and varied options! Super impressive for healthy and hearty at the same time!
Very nice staff.  Great color selections.  Always professional.  Clean and quick.   Thank you!
Over priced food and not that great staff is kinda snobby and really not worth going into
Great people running a great clean corner store gas station! I always enjoy going to Francis & Sons!
Nice views, plenty of tvs, and you can get your beer to go.
I had a caesar chicken wrap that was amazing! I highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat!
So far my favorite sushi place in Vegas . Their menu is very diverse. Excellent miso soup.
bad food quality. the seafood is not fresh at all. the service is slowly. It's not worth that price.
this place makes all there food at a commonsary  this place sucks no need for conversation!
Affordable price effecient intensive classes and much individual attention from instructors.
Ok...I guess first time here ordered breakfast burrito pretty small and tortilla was burnt
BUSY!  Great service considering how slammed they were.  Food was good.
The projects are great it's hard to choose so I guess I will have to come back again!
24 hour turnaround for $25 per slat and $50 service charge.  Heath far exceeded my expectations!
love it love it and love it. Friendly staff, Alec was our guy. Ask for him you wont be disappointed
Love this location. They offer so many cool services. The staff is super attentive, nice and quick.
Best pizza hands down. Give it a try if you haven't been there yet. You will definitely be back.
Don't eat here.  The pizza is weak.  We paid 27 bucks for 2 10"  garbage pizzas
The prime rib was actually pretty good.
The Dutch Country Restaurant is a great place for a family dinner.
They do all my oil changes. Great service for oil changes and rotating tired plus free car washes.
This place was freakin awesome!  Sausage, sauerkraut, liter beers!  Are you kidding me ?
I totally loved this coffee shops. Great service and the coffee taste very very good.
Burgers are great here! Staff was also doing a good job. Don't order the beef Bites there were bad.
 
Honest, ethical, and exceptional service...  Great social skills.. Treats clients like family...
 
Bacon enchiladas and XX for breakfast!!!server (AJ) was attentive and gave us our privacy
Two words:  Alcoholic Milkshake.   Drunken Monkey.   The Cosmopolitan.   Hot stuff.  Yes, please!
friggin great donuts and  i love the diff flavors!!!!
Excellent service, excellent food. Loved the baby back ribs and pulled pork. Highly recommend!
I called for a taxi to the airport. They said ten minutes. I waited an hour. Horrible service
We all love Rita's! Been eating the ices and custard for 15 years. My fave is the gelati.
Over priced !!!   Service good   Just another restaurant don't waste your time or money
Groupon is honored here, the cupcakes are beyond delicious, and the prices are more than fair.
Awful customer service, rude employees, damaged products. Avoid this place at all Costs.
This place has gone downhill and the crowd is strange now to say the least. Drinks are okay.
Mike has a solid work ethic and great skill. Thank you for taking care of my Toyota Corolla!
Very delicious pizza and worthy to wait 20minutes. Chicken wings is not so good as Pizza.
Bar food. Nothing spectacular, although I already kinda knew that. Good happy hour for beer.
Kay does a fantastic job! We've been coming here for years now and won't go anywhere else!
Great biscuits and food! Just fantastic food! The service is good.
I been purchasing hair from Sunnys for years now and love the quality!!
Store don't carry Stella 12 PK , over price 6 Pk stay away and go to Von's on Tropicana and Maryland
If you are in Cleveland this is a must see. If you love music spend the day and you will be amazed.
Love this place!! Fantastic pizza, friendly staff and a warm atmosphere with great service!
Great massage definitely going back! Went in for a prenatal massage.... left feeling great.
Delicious crepes!! Good potatoes. Great toasts. Benedict is good. Not too fan of the fruit cocktail.
Great food, nice decor and excellent service - Martha is awsome!  Thank-you!
Great food and the best service I've had in years! Robyn took great care of us! I'll be back
Everyone that works there are really nice! My nail tech Lilly does such an awesome job on my nails
Currenty the best pita in laval for my family (gyro and chicken). Calamari is excellent as well.
Had a great meal meal with Shannon. Food and service was awesome. Brian took care of us.
Delicious and hearty breakfast. Excellent service from Michelle and relaxing atmosphere.
Everyone who works at MOD is super nice and the pizza is great. One of my favorite spots in Gilbert!
Home fries were amazing.. This restaurant was so close to our hotel we wished we came here everyday!
Food is consistently cold and cooked LONG before.  Definitely one of the worst Wendys out there.
The location on Freedom is much larger.  The one further down on South is brighter.
Quick excellent service,  and friendly technicians keeps me coming back to this location.
Clean store friendly employees not too crowded.          con: could use more variety of dinner meat
Prices are great, service excellent, sushi is fresh! Great concept.
Unorganized, understaffed, over rated, enough said, we waited for over an hour for a hot dog
This place is great! The chicken barbecue's really yummy! Will definitely come back here...
Made dirty dining again?  What the heck, I wanted to try this place but I'll have to skip it now.
Brand new store. People are friendly. Save money and sign up for rewards program.
Great lunch! Pleasant atmosphere and fresh seafood! Fish tacos and lobster roll were our favorites!
excellent food and reasonably priced.  Go to place for burritos and tacos.  Great breakfast burritos
Wow! Food was excellent. Large portions. Service was superb. Will definately be back.
Manager sent an apology and a gift card for our next visit. I appreciate good customer service.
He has spooked me on more than one occasion but you got to love his devotion.
Cool place with great prices
Very yummy!! Very fresh and service is prompt and nice! Food is so delicious - taro dumplings!
Tight space but great food.  Beans, pork and plantains are great. Mojitos excellent.
Very friendly staff.   It's the best place for coffee in Mesa AZ.
United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
Omg!  Their curry is the bomb!  The katsu rocks.  Their sauces are homemade and delicious.
All of the servers have way cooler tattoos than I do. Additonally the food is exceptional.
Amazing staff and Dr mitchell was outstanding I highly recommend
4 kinds of chili daily- chicken and dumplings special every Thursday.  Friendly staff -
immaculate breakfast area, good deal. pretty clean, hot shower and hot tub.
lol got to love it when the barista is complaining about your drink right in front of you
President fried rice and the pad Thai are delicious!!!!!!!
amazing! seriously go here for anything related to computers or questions about computers!!
Brand new store, the yogurt flavors are awesome, and the fruit is fresh!
Chicken Katsu was horrible. Over cooked & massive fatty chicken yuck.
wow.really amazed  how.it.was .. I will for sure come back our server TONY was on point !!
The staff and Doc Hindley are exceptional~I am an animal rescuer and trust them implicitly.
Good happy hour.  Spaghetti and meatballs for $5.
Excellent service with beautiful floral arrangements! Definitely ordering from here again!
Enjoyed peameal bacon for breakfast, good tea, great staff, and diner ambiance. Don't change!
Food and service was good, but lowkey would loved it even more if they had rice paper
Friendly staff, bar food, awesome view, music, a great place to hang out with friends....
Amore has moved to the SW corner of Bell and McDowell Mountain Roads.  Same good food, new location.
Pizza is just ok.  Slices are big and it's convenient.  But no where to sit and only average food.
These guys have been ripping off Las Vegans for decades.
Love it!! Huge portions at great prices. Very clean place and friendly staff.
Best bean burro in town for me, love it with guacamole.
Very good food and great service. Awesome spot for a sports And great beer. Will come back
Great food.  Love the atmosphere!!  Chef Rob is unbelievable.   Good time for the whole family!
Chicken Caesar salad had an excellent flavor and the croutons were crunchy and tasty.
Good home style cooking and a HUGE piece of PIE!!! Turkey dinner anyday, YEAH!!
First timer and food was amazing! Not to mention they serve their mimosas in pint glasses!
Food is always good, but there were a ton of flies, which made the dining experience poor.
CRONUTS!!!  that is all (microwave them for a few seconds to make them even MORE delicious)
If you like incompetent staff and enjoy them losing your vision records, this is the place for you!!
My friends LOVE the sours I love the mural on the Wall and my dear friends*  *but not sours, sry
Excellent food. Friendly staff that will help you with the menu. Venezuelan food is very good.
Love it here. Attentive service and great food. Sign up for the birthday club on the website.
Fish and chips were excellent! Service was good, and beer nice and cold! We will be back for sure!
Deducted 1 star due to some of the puzzles in the room being broken, otherwise had a lot of fun.
Excellent food from top to bottom. Foie gras, ceviche, and sablefish were particularly spectacular.
Really nice guy, very ethical- easy to book and he did a terrific job! Would easily hire again :)
Knowledgable staff, very friendly to drop-ins. Great gym!
the coffee is great. I am looking forward to more bakeries!
Nice atmosphere but the food were too salty.. The wait was t worth is and the service was poor
Great shrimp tacos, the salsa was fresh and refreshing!
This place is awesome. My new alternative to LGO for a great breakfast at a reasonable price.
Surfer roll was good.  However, crab meat for other rolls was imitation crab.  Felt rubbery.
Love the quality of their food...chicken tenders were outstanding...the fries are excellent.
jennifer does an amazing spray tan!! I highly recommend her! absolutely no streaks or blotchiness
Love the decor.  The service and coffee was good.
Their country potatoes are flavorful and tasty. One dish of theirs would feed two average persons.
This is my favorite sushi place!  The 'Spank Me' roll is the best thing in the world.
This was the most magical thing I've eaten in a long time.  Mind blown.  12/10 will go back.
Quaint restaurant. Food was decent. Service was not amazing, but decent. Probably wouldn't return.
I just found out they closed.  Loved this place.  Does anyone know why or if they're relocating?
Best breakfast bagel sandwich I ever had!
Service and food was awesome!  I've tried Korean BBQ's in Vegas and this one tops the list!
Not great. Just okay. Was hoping for better, but I'm sure it's limited in the location.
Dirty store with questionable clientele. But there are still some rare find when treasure hunting.
Tres Bon Tacos Et Excellent service serveur Super chaleureux conseil de Super cocktails
Really enjoy eating at this Ramen place. I always get the black garlic with thick noodles!!
Very tasty food, attentive service, good options.  Definitely recommend the naan.  Nice atmosphere.
Not an overwhelming selection on rum. Lots of cigar smokers and a cool reagae band.
The fry bread was delicious, it was just a bit slow. We got the desert sampler and it was so good.
Good subs, but no whole wheat buns, just white
Great rates. Very friendly staff. It's wonderful to find a business that is professional yet fun.
Gloria was amazing. Didn't talk my ear off and the pressure was perfect. I'll definitely be back :)
Delicious ramen.  Always get the Spicy Ramen.  Amazing appetizers.  Right price for yummy food.
I was really pleased. This was the best East Coast style Reuben that I have had in Kent, ever.
This place has the best vegan burgers ever. Their zombie smoothie is also a favorite!
Friendly staff, social setting, great food, family style dinning and excellent cocktails.
It moved again was trying to find it last night. Please respond with your new address?
Ashley and kailee awesome customer service. Very nice gals. Definitely be back for dry ckeaning
I moved here 6 months ago and never have had so many pieces of mail not delivered or lost!
Great service and reasonable rates. I like how Super Shuttle texts me with the status of my pick up.
cool place and cool ambiance!!!  fusion japanese food.great add on to the hood.
Great service like always from dan
Ordered to go. Food was good, and cashier was friendly.
Cheap, good quality gas. The only downfall is the potential lines during peak hours.
Got take out and they got my order wrong and the burgers are small. They tasted aight tho
Good value, quick service. Limited menu with good vegetarian options.
Late night snack, steak egg and cheese please...
Solid food, cool vibe and good service. Great spot for after work.
Love going there for happy hour on the patio overlooking the golf course!  Brunch is great too!
Love the Lunch specials here! Pad thai is delicious! Nice friendly staff and quick service
This place is a blast!  The hour just flew by and the challenge was tough!! What fun!
Love this place! Great music, great singers and fully entertaining! It gets packed so go early!
Nice staff and very helpful with getting me in fast and inexpensive.
Food was great, service was excellent. Our server Brandon extremely kind and attentive!
Best school ever love it everyone is very nice and helpful especially because I am new to Pittsburgh
They did it up on decorations, and the bartender, Natalie, was great.  Terrific for an airport bar.
Excellent mixed grill platter, true Pakistani flavors. Big fluffy naans and delicious podina chutney
You can definitely tell its an older hotel but I love the castle theme. I had a blast there!!
We are here at least once a week! Good food, good service, and nice relaxing atmosphere,!
Don't go to Starbucks much but my wife loves it. Thanks Joey for making my experience great
Kobe beef rib eye = to die for
Great place downtown, it's Tapas style type restaurant and everything I had here was delicious.
Jade and Wen were great with advising me about colors and designs.
Great airport! Nice and spacious
So convenient to go to when staying at Caesars Palace.  Delicious food!  Great atmosphere!
Delicious food! Had the canzone and antipasto salad. Good lunch deals and sizes were great.
Great food, cool environment, fast service. We stopped in for lunch and had a great experience.
you need to clean your ice machine. every drink with ice had dirt in it. SO GROSS
Annoyed and disappointed by the lack of customer care. I won't go back.
For the price point, you can't beat it. Best in Scarborough. The lunch special is a great deal.
Open late at night! Great for large parties! They just needed more staff when we went at 1am.
Completely competent gluten free dining.  Much appreciated!
Very authentic Shanghai style restaurant, a taste of my hometown highly recommended!  
Best lemon cookie that ever existed. I don't even like lemon cookies, but this one was phenomenal!
Great place!! Very clean and professional!  Prices are reasonable and lots of options.
Taste great, little bit pricey but affordable, nice environment and varieties of food
Best in Las Vegas!!! Chef and staff were extremely pleasant and food was world class!!!
Bratwurst with Mango Chutney, Cilantro & Sriacha and a side a fried pickles... heaven.
An honorable, and talented plumber - who has family values. I highly recommend his company.
Customer service was horrible. Receptionist was very useless. Dont recommend this place.
Really awesome food. Had the rice bowl with chicken. You'll be surprised how good it is.
Great vibe and delicious food!! My kids loved the pizza in the shape of a fish.
green tea crepe cake is so far the best crepe cake I had in GTA! it's not cheap but worth it
I love this place, it has the best food. It is the closest I have found to back east Chinese food.
better than famous dave's & costs more but totally worth it. free ice cream when dining in
Lars is making the best coffee ever. I also love the blueberry matcha. It's bright and friendly.
Franco the owner was rude and condescending, will never be returning to this restaurant again.
horrible customer service, you're better off going to sprint that is in the same shopping center.
This gym has nice new equipment.  Lots of features that's any gym go-er looks for.
Had a complicated dress and little time to get it fitted.  Sadie came through!  Thank you!
Awesome place, great coffee and even has a little Play corner for kids! PLUS they just start
Had French toast for branch. It was good. The service was nice too. Would like to visit again.
Love YardHouse happy hour! appetizers are to die for. The service is always outstanding.
Good food, great service. There's quality food for low prices. I definitely recommend you try it!
It that kinda place where everybody knows your name. Easy. Laid back. Good WiFi. Excellent iced tea.
Are they permanently closed?  Came during posted business hours today and the place was closed.
How in the world you are not going to have glazed donuts when that's what you know for?
I heart Bosa donuts. These are great donuts and they never disapoint. Quick service.
Ate here again today! Service was excellent and the food was SOOOOO good! :)
great meats, excellent salad bar, cooperative wait staff, nuff said, would love to back again.
Becarefull!! I heard this place is very dirty in the back!!!!!!! People get food poising a lot
dear studio B, you da you da best, you da you da best, the best I ever had, best I ever had!
It isnt on the strip but it is awesome~~ buffet is also very good and cheap~~
Quick, wholesome, delicious food.
We came here for dessert and got the deep fried oreos, highly recommend it.
Service was fabulous! Pasta dishes delightful...would return in a heartbeat!
I love DQ, specially the one's with the full menu!
Service Tech knew his stuff! A bit of an issue with the scheduling but we got it all cleared up.
I love China Caf . Delivery Person she was great always has a smile.
Great pub style food, and chips as good as the chip truck. Awesome summer patio too!
Excellent service!  They had my room ready with Champagne and the checking in and out was smooth.
It's cool, my favorite is the Vanilla Almond Crush soooo Delish
Robin leach tapping a keg, fun and tasty chow
Really good service staff here. They're personal and caring.
Service adequate. Consumer beware service writers receive commission on repairs generated.
Excellent biscuits, very good bbq at a fair price. Service was good, would definitely go back.
SCAM!!! Do not sign this contract no mater how good they make it sound or you feel after a class!!!!
Nice, friendly service. Mexican food with options for vegetarians as well.
Got SUV at the same price of intermediate car.
Eastern/anthem location  service is always quick. And edwina always is so nice and helpful
Food is always consistent ! Great creme brulee and scalloped potatoes service is amazing as well
Their pizza could use a bunch more cheese. It was uninspiring to say the least.
Wheelchair friendly, great food, amazing staff. Everything is just great about Ciociaro !
Disinterested children work here 'supervised' by a woman in her 40's who is absolutely useless.
The beer is pretty good, but the food is somewhat lacking.  Nice feel overall.
Always consistent, very good seafood for Phoenix, great service and a nice "fish market" atmosphere.
Decent food, really good hot salsa, but the prices are RIDIC. We won't be back.
Best Pho and Best Pork Fried Rice on the planet. Hands down!
The Lobster soup is amazing!!!!  The scallops were also perfect. Great place for a work lunch!!!!!
Best chiropractic and massage therapy experience. Highly recommend Dr. Adrian and Amanda.
My hair stylist moved here.  Very nice location.  I like the vibe.
Super clean, super friendly, awsome italian beef, boyfriend said chicago dog was awsome.
amazing food and even better service from Jen.  Thanks for making our night memorable
Food is amazing ,owner was kind enough to accommodate our larger group near closing time .
Excellent service and salsa to start!! Great food..brand new and heavenly food...CHECK IT OUT!!
Excellent entres, and lower priced options (including pizza).   Their patio is beautiful.
Very good place  Appetizers are little overpriced ( its why only 4 stars) but very good food
Billy is hands down the best bar tender in Las Vegas. Will come back as much as possible.
Scott Goodman is efficient, kind and honest. I am impressed with his service.
Love this unique and charming cookie shop.  Heather is delightful and her cookies are yummy!
I ordered a small mash potato for almost 3 bucks and only got half a scoop. Not very happy.
Honest owner with a couple decades experience.  Wide range of fixes and best prices in town.
Awesome food and great service by our server Deni. Definitely would be back. Love the oysters!
Great beer and food! Come here for a great IPA and good service. Giant Jenga is a blast!
mostly i get Boneless chicken and Chicken kothu ...loved it ..Cant go regularly  a bit expensive..
Love it soooo much !!! Very traditional and authentic Chinese food, northern west flavor.
Run of the mill bar with dirty floors and extremely loud music.
Crowded, loud, filled with frat-bros trying to impress each other.
Great employees and good food!, very fresh!! Thank you to the wonderful employees here!!
The selection of handbags is not the greatest nor do they have much brand names. Gue l stima...
Hole in the wall but awesome quality Gyro.... get extra meat if you want to skip dinner :)
Very good espresso. In my opinion, the best coffee shop in Charlotte.
Delicious rich frozen custard with natural tasting flavors. A downtown Las Vegas institution
I just wanted to add that they've added snacks to the menu. My next visit was better!
Awesome ambiance !! We had such a good time there the drinks are stiff we will definetly be back
Been all over the country eating brisket. This is by far the best.  Get the cracklings as a side.
great placw for a take out or a quick eat. I had a veal sandiwich and it was really good
Great library! Clean, large selection of books and activities in the children's area!
Third time at this bank ... I got Lisa again ... she is not friendly at all... and rude attitude.
I've been searching for some good carne asada tacos! The look is over! They are so delish
Muy rica la comida Si desean comida casera se lo recomiendo.. el menudo muy rico... Mi favorito
Best nachos in the city, Hands down  Christopher- thanks for the awesome experience and for the pen!
Have been here 3x for breakfast in my trip. Staff is friendly & prompt. Food is outstanding!!!!
Always in and out super fast and easy to make appointments... Seeing great results!
This place is not called Mr. Tonkastsu anymore. It's now call Katsuya. Different menu:
best manicure  pedicure in Pittsburgh pa  super clean !!!!!   A+ SERVICE
Good Quality customer service. Cleaning is meh. sometimes have to bring back to clean again.
awesome service, great testing food and good selection. wine menu was good too of course
Decent pizza if you like thin crust. Sometimes great sometimes iffy customer service.
Attended a college graduation here and the grounds and facilities are wonderful.
Also excellent for kids and men! Beautiful salon as well, perfect place to get a quick cut.
Fun atmosphere, good food, though often difficult to get a table.
Do not miss the cucumber margarita with chili lime salt!  Delicious taquitos and guac.
Not bad, but from 8pm on they are in closing mode, so you get to dine with the shop vac!
Mother's Day ruined. very expensive. had to wait 45 minutes for our food. beautiful decor .
What an amazing dental practice..I was in pain ... Always "come right in" ....highly recommended!!
Never had a bad meal here. Burgers are good. The location in the Venetian is always open.
Small portions and alil pricey but Delicious food and every dish had a flavourful palette.
Don't go there. Food is way below average. Even Panda express is better than this restaurant.
Great vegan shop with a wide selection of popular vegan brands and not limited to just food.
Have always had fun and the rooms are great......................but hey there free for me!
Love being an Emerald Club Member, best experience ever! Keep up the good work!
Food was ok but it took so long to get our food we canceled half of it & went some where else
Tried the Montreal bagel today and it was very fresh and tasty. Will definitely go back.
Love the place ! Food great ! They have buffet too ! That's the best all you can eat for less !
I have tried a few items from there, Rib tips, fish, chicken, brisket its all good.
Only eat here if you like tasty Mexican food served quickly by a friendly employee at a good price.
dont go pass 8pm bad food , the service is alright but i got sick from here so yeah !
Great food, drinks and atmosphere abut the service has been slow on two different occasions.
Phenomenal cake and great taste! Very very moist! I will definitely be coming back again!
It's an okay place. It doesn't have an elaborate menu and it's hidden within the casino.
Awesome place. Never had a bad experience. They have creative designs and good prices.
Authentic Mediterranean food!!! Great and fast service !! Got to try the merguez sandwich!
The atmosphere is good the place is cool food has no taste
Great vegan cuisine !!!!! Everybody is nice prompt and courteous
Attached to 8.5. Same scene. Booze and dance.
Wow the food was great and the deserts were yummy.....  Had the best chicken parmigiano ever.
Not good at all, stay away. The nachos are nachsogood. The margarita wasn't good either.
I'm not sure why the reviews here are so poor. I've always had a great experience in this store.
Delicious! Ordered the spicy shrimp nachos and spicy cucumber margarita.  Waiters were nice as well!
The best Thai food in Pittsburgh.  You can't go wrong with anything you order here.
Bowling AND bumper cars. We are hooked. Best bowling alley ever!
Best Ceviche I've had in a while! New place, friendly staff. Definitely will be back!
Great ambiance, music and service. Food we got was mediocre especially for the price.
Best place in the city for drop off laundry I've found so far. Period.
Came in to get my tire changed on my Camry. They were fast, friendly and very helpful.
The BBQ chicken bacon pizza is awesome. The bread sticks are so good as well I recommend this place.
Great place!  Great stylists!
I'm addicted to this place ! The papaya salad , beef salad , curry & pad Thai are so yummy!
Truly a luxurious resort.
Great chef, great service! Beef and egg fried noodles, steamed clams are my favorites. Super tasty.
 , . , 
im from the south and they let a poor example of a GUMBO.
This by Far the Worse Chinese food! I took two bites and threw away the food! DO NOT EAT THERE!
First time trying pho and it is delicious. Good food, great service and very clean restaurants.
Had an amazing spa day at Green Valley Ranch Resort.  It was incredible!! Will definitely go back.
Fries on a sandwich. Pittsburgh classic that anyone needs to try.
Nothing really good to say about this place. It's OK; bread, pastries, etc. I was expecting more.
Best spring rolls I ever had, pizza is very generous with toppings , prices very cheap .
Awesome. Truly. We had four dinners and couldn't easily pick the best. Great gastropub.
Rude and Obnoxious Owner/Server, Very High prices, Bad service, Bad Food. Avoid at all costs.
The eggplant was fantastic and topped off dinner with a delicious cannoli!
We ate lunch here. It was okay. Nothing really special. Service was good. Nice/clean environment.
Thanks, we had a blast today!! Service was Great!! Also a thanks to Chanel on Saturday.
I didn't know what to expect. This was hilarious. I was crying I was laughing so hard. Go see it.
So much better that 5 Dorks, I mean guys.  They have salads and great chicken selections!
Great coffee, great ambiance, great service. Best coffee place on Van Horne.
What happen to this airport? I remember it being so bright & clean. Looked like crap.
I heard this is the best Chinese restaurant in Madison?! The food tasted like shit...
Amazing experience! Food was excellent! Great music and vibes. Will be coming here very often!!
Lovely building with some nice shops.
Beautiful furniture.  Unlike the other reviews I experienced wonderful  customer service.
The young men who cleaned our windows did a fine job.  They were quick and efficient.
Food poisoning..................... bad.     Order a Mexican rice bowl, and it was alright.
A little small club... extremely crowed... can't really dance  Awesome bartenders!
It was OK. Very loud and the food was decent but not worth the hype.
Sales people won't do anything unless you have "the look". Terrible service.
Dark place but good service. Many specials whatever the Day. Got karaok  on tuesday and thursday.
yummy.. clean, and everybody is helpful.. good tasting food. We'll be back here for sure :)
It was pretty good. I had clams. One very bad clam in batch. Ugh.  Nice tasting food.
Bought Bell qualifier helmets, love em!
My first trip to Poison Berry was awesome! There are finally good vegan donuts in Cleveland!
Great food  Good. Guys Like family  Keep up the great work  Strongly recommended this place
Wish they had a bigger space and more variety.  But the service is nice.
Very good food, large portions and excellent service. Every time I am in Vegas this place is a must!
Awesome food and awesome beer at a great price! Sara is the best!! :)
The pizza here is awesome. They make fresh sourdough everyday for the crusts. Awesome.
The peanut butter and chocolate ice was amazing!!! Fresh and warm waffle cones to go with it!!!
Looking for authentic Japanese Tonkatsu this is the place to come..  check it out xoxox
Good dental care, competent and helpful staff and decent prices for the uninsured.
Shit food. Do not get Mamas Lasagna absolutely terrible. I would rather eat dog food than this shit.
Food was ok, Great place for hang  out or for watching sports great selection beers
I sold my car to CarMax.  It was easy, painless, and I got a great price for my car.  :)
This place is a concrete monstrosity. They should tear it down post haste.
First time I tried this place was I Tucson Az. Yummy! Love it!
Great service by Josh and team!!! Quality food at great happy hour prices, a hidden gem!!!!
Very good and expertly prepared....also be prepared to spend more for lunch for two then you planed!
This is the best brunch in town hands down. Fast, good, big, polite waitress, clean, AWESOME.
Had a pedicure and gel manicure it was very relaxing and did great job. Ill be back soon.
I had a very good burrito dish from the lunch menu. I would not hesitate to get get again.
OMG!   Yummy food, especially the shrimp and pork sausage!!!  Amazing service, very attentive!
so so good! so much food that we all loved. I wish I had room to try a MASSIVE cinnamon roll.
The 7.77 dissent really exist anymore. No salad. And you have to order a drink with the meal.
Extremely courteous and expedient. Fixed my tire for no charge. A+
small but beloved Annex brunch hotspot.. my favorite place in the city http://bit.ly/1ilzFsn
Toasted Coconut Concrete with Vanilla Base. Period.
Best Korean in town!!! JULIAN was an awesome server!! Don't forget the Kalbi and Premium Steak!
The best Jewish Delli in the northeast Vally. The Cloak &. Dagger gets it today!
What a fabulous place. The food was outstanding and the owner was delightful! Highly recommend.
So happy to see that Champaign got a fantastic Indian restaurant. This is my new favorite place.
Fantastic food and service. Great atmosphere.
Love this location. Been so many times. Always great. Love the boneless wings and original crust!
I loved them! The last was super sweet and professional and my nails looked amazing in the end
This place is open LATE.  The Bun Bo Hue is decent but other pho bowls not all that outstanding.
Food is always delish. Love the service staff. Green tea is the best!
Best place in Vegas! Very professional! See Tiny Tina! She's awesome
Excellent cappuccino. What a capp should be. Super tiny shop but so worth it.
Service with a smile, great pizza, great sauce, and comfortable space to kill time.
Good experience. People were nice. Rate is reasonable
Friendly service, food was good especially the avocado spring rolls
Pretty gross. Works if you are in a pinch but you can do better. Good chips and salsa though.
Service was good. food hot and tasty. Could have been better but could have been a lot worse
What a wonderful family experience. Just like Oktoberfest at our Amana colonies in Iowa.
great host!   this was an unique experience and very cool!!!
So far, not impressed... They need more and bigger TVs, and they need to serve food..
I've been coming here for 20 years and I still say they have the best margs in the Valley!
Rachel is the best server Ive had in a long time! Food was great as always. Good music too.
Decent poutine, expected to be blown away for the price but it was just good.
Just great food and service. Nice to have a consistent place to depend on!
This place is so delicious and customer service is great! Presentation of rolls are so cute too!
Very good Chinese food. Friendly staff and a nice dec r. I would definitely recommend this place.
Food is so yummy. You can defiantly taste the freshness in fish.  Definable going back.
Excellent edibles! Everything I have had there is wonderful! Customer service is great!
Most amazing ravioli and gnocchi we have ever had!!! So fresh and tender and the sauces are divine!
Moist brisket was extremely good! I was very impressed! Definitely will go back for more!
I love the place best place for a date and to relax and watch a movie
I love shopping here - the store is always bright and clean, and the employees are very helpful.
fraught was a fantastic experience. great food, great service, and a great atmosphere!
The boneless chicken stuffed with sticky rice is a must have. All other dishes were mediocre.
We Want Nachos!!!! The nachos here on on point! Great place to stop for happy hour too!!!
Best pedicure I've ever received from Kasia. Very clean, comfortable, and professional place.
Josh in the movie theaters was awesome and had excellent customer service!! Well definitely go back
This place was good probably my 3rd favorite ever. Really enjoyed the steak and appetizers
went for our anniversary. Great service, awesome wine, big bill! I loved their mashed potatoes
Bun bo hue and nem nuong rolls, yum! I will try the bun rieu next time. Cant wait to come back!
Great sangria, cute causal ambiance, yummy salsa and great portions. What is there not to love!
There dealers can make you rich, can't say much about there hotel
Best Thai in Concord, hidden gem for sure! Always consistent, service is always excellent.
I got a latte. The presentation was good. The latte it self was above average.
You gotta be kidding me!! Its a big rip off, 99% rice and veggies, 1% meat, never again!!
Very nice owners and staff!! Food was very good and a great variety. We will be back!
Good food....like the ambiance...excellent server Alodia...definitely we will be back ...
Penna Pasta zucchini  noodles were amazing ! Service was friendly and drinks are great
Food was ok, but the portions were tiny. Thank goodness they gave us bread. Wouldn't go back
3 letters. O. M. G. You guys and girls made my fianc  birthday dinner hard to top. Thank you
Great bar, great food, great service. This is a good replacement for Salt.
Awesome every time I go.. fast friendly service...food is delicious chili reano omelet awesome...
Truly the best Butter Chicken I have ever had. The staff were very nice and humble. Just fabulous!
Great coffee drinks. Fun vibe. Very casual and inviting.  Staff was friendly. Terrific experience.
Super duper macaroons - and great local coffee.
great lunch special and delivery service is very good as well love the pizza and salad
Very good food!!! The fish and vegetables was most excellent and there was a lot to eat!!!
Thank you for taking such great care of our kitties!! We are glad to have found this vet hospital!
Great! Not many places to get a fresh cold pressed juice in Vegas but this place has you covered.
Cute store...love browsing, great place to pick up unique gifts for friends. Worth a stop in.
best place I've found in Vegas for Greek food, delicious and reminds me of the food my family made
Paying tax...I like this place, clean, people are friendly as well...
Excellent!  Great value for the money. Loved the scallop fried rice. Definitely coming back!
Malted vanilla with a toasted marshmallow.  Perfection in my book!
Best breakfast place!  Great food and prices!
Open 24 hours on the weekends, we went Saturday night. Wasn't worth the deive
Decent food, but nothing exceptional.  Very average, Americanized food. Mer.
Good food that is more authentic than your average chinese restaurant. Definitely worth a try!
Best sushi in the city. Seriously. Service is warm; good atmosphere.
A nice inexpensive place for in between the expensive restaurants. :)
Portion size too small and juice was watered down. Luke warm food. Service was excellent though.
It was dirty and the water fountain was nasty. (Mold around the nozzle). Bathrooms were filthy.
killer. love it. superb! the best. go mike. go erin. yayyyyy   word count1234578499493939
Absolutely the most amazing food! Staff is fantastic - so much better than when it was villa pizza.
The massages at LaVida are always very relaxing but the hot stone upgrade is the best!
This store is okay but don't bother trying to call they rarely answer the damn phones here!
Sweet people with great customer service. The ice cream is delicious! Will definitely come back
Great selection of yogurt and toppings.  For me, it is worth the drive out of the way
Great salon! Good service, nice employees. I had a relaxing pedicure that was expertly applied.
Atmosphere is great  Cocktails are excellent  Food is meh... little overpriced for what it is.
The best BBQ in the Ballantyne area.  I love the ribs.
This place is awesome. Great instructors. Class hours are great and the gym is open pretty early.
Ask for Taylor! She is always up to date with trends not to mention good looking!
"I tried this place again and the food was and services was very good. Glad I did!"
Oh boy, great beer here. Awesome addition to henderson.  I cant wait for more beers to be added.
Brought 17 people in here. Forced 1 bill on us. It is taking us forever to resolve the bill and pay.
Great Pho. Nice people. Wish their Bahn Mi was better, had it twice hoping it was me, but it's not.
Great atmosphere/ambiance/service.  Super location, so glad to see something cool go on that corner!
mmmm strawberry daiquiri!! to die for... my favorite place to go to over Fat Tuesday! BOMB!
I love Cowfish! Just a heads up though, there is often a long wait for dinner on the weekends.
Great great great in all ways!!!  Gotta tether to believe her true talent n wonderful personality!!!
Incredibly clean, immaculate bathrooms and shower. Owner is very very friendly.
Some of the most personable employees I know.  Amazing service!  Definitely recommend it.
Great easy rental process! Thank you Jenny for your help and awesome customer service!
Amazing staff, very compassionate. Would definitely recommend family and friends.
Good view of patio and salmon. Ideal place for business lunch.
Pretty good burger, I would definitely eat here again! Really nice place and friendly people
Wide selection of meat. Good side dishes. I definitely left this place pleasantly stuffed.
The cheeseburgers here are really good and the nachos are great with large portions to share.
Not much from the ougside, but the food is great! Several. Varieties of Asian food, all done well!
Best $20 spent!!! Jason is great! I highly recommend him. Very clean and staff is nice and friendly
The Dumpling house had amazing pot stickers and dumplings! You should definitely try these!
Incomplete courseware . New Horizons computer learning center las vegas
Best pho I've ever had in my life. Also they give you extra noodles for a dollar which is a deal.
Always great! #nypizzalover.  Consistently amazing local hidden place.  Best pizza around
Karl was such a nice server. My boyfriend and I had such a wonderful experience thanks to Karl!
99 cent margaritas during happy hour! Fun and kid friendly!
Amazing food and the staff were great! Bring an appetite and an open mind to their fusions!
Fun place with a good atmosphere. I liked the chips and salsa and the service was great!
It's an affordable very professional place. I went for a haircut there and I love it.
Great food. Loved the Brazilian lemonade. Definitely recommend. Great help by our server rio!!!
This is the worst HVAC company in town. Stay away! Very unprofessional tech and supervisor.
Best grilled chicken in Charlotte! Pio Pio!
Wow!    Found my new hair salon.   Linda gave a new sassy look.   Highlights and cut.  Love it!!!!!
This place is great. It has home feeling and great positive vibe. Food is great. I recommend it
Really good food, but was very little. A combo plate didn't fill me up. But it was delicious.
The best pizza ever and will continue to eat their. All my friend that had it think the same thing
Awesome!! I tried the pumpkin spice latte it was amazinggggg!    The service was a little slow.
They sell duck fat in the freezer section.  Really, need I say more?
Gross, flavorless Chicago dog. Amazing burgers though!
Been going there over 20 yrs.  The Brazelburger is phenomenal.
Vegas rocks!!!  BTW, this weekend, my name is Lola.  ;-)
Big park, awesome walk track for humans to use. all very nice dogs.
Food is pretty good but the serve is horrible!
Oh my! Best pizza I have had in Az. Absolutely wonderful. Try the Greek pizza, it was sublime.
Looking forward to my nail appointment with Susan today.
Friendly service, the ice cream waffle cup is awesome. Price is a little steep. Will be returning
Staff drinks while working. Gets orders incorrect. Music too loud and staff refused to turn down.
Excellent massages- especially deep tissue! Highly recommend Kandis Definitely a winner! CC
Love this place. They take there time and the service is excellent! Vince is the bomb!!!
Great staff and great service.  My favorite UPS store in the Las Vegas valley.
Great place. Everything we ordered was great. We just chose the place at random. Good service.
I went in and got a haircut from Rueben this morning, phenomenal haircut! He is always on his game.
The food was incredible. Highly recommend for foodies. Wait staff so pleasant. So happy I went
Have rented from Them on several occasions and they are great! Recommend them for sure...
Service was amazing food super good so far the best place I been talking about Korean bbq's
Dinner   Ambience: 4/5   Food: 3.5/5  Service: 4/5  Value: 3/5  Repeat: Not sure.
Great Japanese sushi only issue is the drinks aren't unlimited but its something stupid
Garlic naan is addictive! Lunch buffet you just can't beat and champagne included on the weekends.
45 degrees with a car painted in salt and you are closed, on a Saturday. Thanks for nothing
Great choice ! I will definitely come back! Great environment and an amazing customer service!
I frequent monday's. drinks are cheap, staff is friendly, and music's on point.
Thank you for the nice and simple wedding. Our family and friends enjoyed and loved it very much.
First time here and Eli was a great guy first time he did Apple Pay. Great pizza close to the hotel
Great expiernce knowledgeable staff with fast work. Close to the strip great prices and friendly
I had the New York strip and it was delicous. Local spot reasonable priced. Good for large groups.
I have try many Japanese BBQ place and this the best one so far .Fresh ,Tasty ,great service !!
The staff is always friendly, very knowledgeable. Great selection and quality seafood.
Friendly, accommodating.. Refreshing when customer service is pleasent. Flat white was excellent.
One other thing I forgot to mention. The flaxseed oil they sell for $15.99, is at Smiths for $8.99.
Definitely great customer service but i did not find the striking jap cuisine taste in here...
The sushi is the best. Try the tuna poki, spicy rainbow and yum yum crispy tuna
No dance floor, people are mean, long lines, music isn't good.
Super nice people here. Always fully stocked. Marjorie is also very helpful.
Great place for a hair cut.  Friendly service.  Been coming here for years.  Not much else to say.
Candice was a funny and attentive server, made us very comfortable and got the good out quick!
These guys are great ..Omar and crew were very professional , I highly recommend these guys .
Why in all that is good is this store closed!!?? I'm talking bare bones closed! Nightmare.
Very good brunch place in downtown. easy parking downstairs at Cityhall and nice patio.
Customer Service was amazing! Meatball sandwich was great. This place is a winner.
Great service. They close at 9 pm, but squeezed in my pho and com thit meal at 8:45pm for take out.
Yummy. Very authentic! It reminded me of when I lived in Korea!
Awesome environment. Great food, good coffee, solid service. Justin's service was second to none.
Good selection. I like the crab and shrimp udon with egg. Pho is good! Can't go wrong with noodles
C'est cette qualit  que je recherche !!! MIammm tellement d licieux
I actually ended up with a food poisoning after eating their Katsu.. sooo I won't go here again.
I haven't had a meal so delicious and homecooked in a long time. Worth every penny!
Adorable place. It could use a little more bar food but very cute and very welcoming environment.
Without a doubt the best breakfast place around!   We love their selection and amazing service!
Delicious!  We really liked the horchata.  The grilled meats had an excellent flavor.
Cool ambience of grilling steak on a hot stone!  Smells awesome!  Good sides and salad bar.
Place is still a dump, the management here is awful
Prices are not great.... Young staff, often distracted. Overall is ok. Good size with the interior.
Benedict, omelet just so so, not recommend to come here for brunch. Limited options too.
Great service, excellent beer, and the food is hard to beat! Recommended!
Great pancakes! Fun place to take little ones so they can run around while you eat and sip coffee.
My husband and I went for date night and had a great time! We will for sure go again!
Good service... gross food.. pasta noodles were hard. Coke tasted like sugar water. Not returning
Beef Willington is awesome!
You know what the 'bucks are all about, get a Venti for the long flight you won't regret it!
Water st needed this, a great place to have great beer. Hope lovelady is here to stay.
Camp social is a great atmosphere come for drinks at the bar, Tooley is the best bartender!
So Very good.  Discovered it by accident and am not a huge fan.
Bought a package.. 90 bucks and then I come back and they are closed.
Consistent, great rewards program, good taste. Recommend their Quinoa bowls and iced coffees.
The world needs more people like you! We visit in a month we definitely will be coming here!
Beautiful decoration, and I loved the food. 10/10 will recommend!
I absolutely love this place. Best Pho and egg rolls around. Servers are nice, quick, and attentive.
Decent enough little Asian place, food was okay, ambiance was good, like China meets Arizona.
Good pizza messed up our order and then made it right and apologize and gave us a gift card
Love the atmosphere here.  Great hangout place to grab a drink after work or a quick bite at noon.
Blake has provided us awesome recommendations all night, thx for the attentive service bro!
It's great food, but the prices for the traditional plates were higher than I was expecting.
Great tasting waffles with amazing customer service! Only wish they were a sit down restaurant!
Been here a bunch and it's okay. Came the other day and got food poisoning. Won't be coming back
Cute little place. Good coffee and snacks. Definitely check it out!
This location has moved and changed names. It is now called Sid's Cafe and is in the casino.
Best Sushi in town!  Johnny is the best.  Great food, suishi and service.
Delicious huge slices for affordable prices, the combo is a great deal. Very friendly service too.
Best breakfast in Las Vegas. Also great GF menu  with pancakes!!!!!
They did a great job fixing my Galaxy phone screen.  They even add screen protector for free...
This place is a hidden gem. The service is efficient and the bento boxes are excellent.
love the chicken Pad Thai lunch special. liked old location better but still good food.
Always fresh and very good! I love the gourmet chicken tacos and the fresh salsa bar!
The friendliness of the staff was great. The food is decent. Every one pitches in to help.
Delicious fast food. The staff is very friendly. They accept coupons. It's very clean.
Food is amazing.
the DJ was terrible. think 90s rave somewhere in Asia. View was fantastic though.
Worst cleaning service I've ever used. Maid refused to finish job.
Service was great, and always an interesting time on a late Saturday night.
Fast Thai food as the name suggest. No frills, no surprises and decent mall food. Huge portions.
Love everything about this place! Hands down my favorite non Chinese restaurant in town!
Went here for after work beers today; dope selection, great service, and amazing servicd
Baz the Musical was a bold and daring undertaking by the producer.   Enter in through the nightclub.
This place is by far my favorite little spot. I promise you once a week I am ordering the P7!
Absolutely AMAZING service Our waiter Susan was quick, and so thoughtful with our 3 boys
We eat here often. Can never go wrong with any of the specials and the soup is top notch.
Good food, but the tacos have shrunk in size since the first time I came when they first opened.
Mini portion Togo. Best lasagna ever! I love eating left overs from here. Happy birthday mom.
Lovely space. Attentive service. Way overpriced.  8 dollars for a few slices of seared tofu? really?
Hidden gem - great food!
Busy day ....food was good I ordered  kofta plate it tasted good and staff was very fast
Great service and food. They have awesome chicken tenders and burgers!! A must try, great for lunch.
This place is really good. My go to place for lasagna and meatballs. Pizza is good too! Big slices.
Friendly service,  food quality good,  place clean.  Not many choices for Sashimi.  Over priced.
Bar is dangerous don't go there. Rabid viscous customers allowed and welcome in there.
Clean.Good customer service by Hank and Michael.Food great. Easy to find.Fast service
Awesome homemade pizza!  Best pizza I have had in a long time!
Fantastic Chinese food! I enjoyed my stay here every time. The owner is so nice! I love this place.
Softball and remember coming here as a kid to the batting cages and wave park so much to do here now
Best prime rib ever. All the sides are good, but who comes here for that? Get the prime rib.
Not you grandfathers a&w rootbeer. Only in warm weather. Hot dog, fries and a float.No internet.
Chicken Alfredo, Crazy Alfredo, Garlic bread, house salad and rigatoni special. Cannoli is he best.
Great place to pick up a big gulp.
French scramble with homemade jam and pistachio croissant very good
worst experience ever! discrimination at it's best.  i wouldn't recommend this club at all!
Awesome experience at a great price!!!  I wish they would open one in Honolulu where I live!!!  =-)
Lets just say that this place has the best Mexican in Madison.
decent food. Average menu and prices. Not good, not bad but ok.
Great quality, delicious food. We are so happy to have a great Chinese restaurant close to home.
Arrived early (but called first), very nice, excellent price. I highly recommend Srping Kings.
Great Indian food in Phoenix - awesome service - nice ambience and good for a dinner with friends
Great lounge for a cocktail. Ambience is nice, but is not close to any other bars/restaurants
Good beer. No vegan options. I called today to confirm.
Very nice people but the wait can be a little too long at times! Love the pharmacy drive threw! :)
Excellent patio at the back for summer lounging days - and the grilled cheese is good too.
Weak service. Food average lost its flavor need to regroup. Miss the old Dos day drinking.
Great food, clean and relaxing atmosphere. Decent service.
Best little gem for healthy and authentic middle eastern food! Fast, friendly service and clean too!
The baked apple pancake took me back to being a kid. Amazing as good as I remember
Portions were really small.  Waitress was very snooty.  Food was good, but I wouldn't go back again.
A very romantic restaurant. My favorite in Las Vegas...
Gotta get the deals we need one of theses stores in Hawaii.... Great place to shop
The thali was really good . Delicious. They were struggling to complete an order I guess.
Exquisite cuisine in a luxurious atmosphere. Great Sunday brunch and holiday dining.
AMAZING! love the salsa, love the food, love the margaritas!
Atmosphere is amazing I can say the burgers are great the pastalaya is to DIE FOR SUPER YUMMY
Loved the results.  She altered a couple pair of jeans for us. Thanks
Jaime H. at the checkout was kind enough to ask & make sure I got my Smiths card savings!
Great place. Good atmosphere and friendly people. Good food especially the hummus.
I was not impressed.  My catfish tasted like some aquariums smell.
This is a wonderful find. The oil is outstanding and they make beautiful gift baskets.
Extremely rude and unhelpful associates! Zero interest in customer service. Damaged merchandize!
amazing service, food, and timing.  what can i say, ooking forward to the next visit.
Food was like Normal bar food bartender was nice service was good. I will check it out again.
Awesome staff! Super friendly and talented. Always receive excellent service. Nice location.
Yummie! Red Velvet Pancakes and Kalua Pork Eggs Benedict were AWESOME!
Similar to Sauce pizza. Pretty damn good, especially the  new chicken pizza (no olives of course)
Food is OK but expensive.  They are open for lunch but again lunch menu is pricy.  Service is good.
Fast, friendly and good quality service for a good price. Cheaper than other places I called.
I love this candy store! If you love candy and a large variety, this is heaven!
Best dinner ever i be ever had, some delicious chicken fingers they where absolutely lovely
best park in the game, and don't get me started on the tennis courts!
i like their iced coffee more than starbucks.  the staff at this location were super nice.
Go to place on the east side of the town, very good soup, affordable, and good protion!
I love pho' n this place is clean n affordable n good location too not far from my house either
Love this salon! Goldy has been doing my hair for years!!  I always get compliments on my color!
This is julie iam no longer at marios iam at hair'z 2 u 623-878-3047.i hope to see u there!thank-you
Great burgers and chicken sandwiches. Shake option are unique and tasty. Reasonable pricing.
We love the friendly girl at the front! She's always so helpful and the yogurt is yummy!!
Omg it was sooooooooooooo good u gotta hug the chef I went on my day best steak Burger
Tr s bon. Portion raisonnables. Service rapide.
Happy hour was great. Beverages and 2 loaded appetizers for under $20. Worth the visit.
Amazing, authentic Indian food with a great buffet at a reasonable price.
The food is ok and there is a decent selection. It's priced about right for a Chinese buffet.
Steve Depue - Excellent customer service, I hope I don't need to, but I would return.  Thank you!
I just love this place. The best sushi ever and it's fresh. Highly recommend this place
Great experience all around. Will be coming back. Dr Hale is great and staff was very helpful.
CHEAP MEALS AT LIGHTNING SPEEEEEED!!!  How do they do it?  I'm not sure that I want to know.
Food for a BBQ ribs lunch special took forever .. 30 mins. Just a salad and ribs... Not again !
One of the best sushi spots around the Pittsburgh area. Amazing lunch specials. Great place overall.
Over-priced, pretentious and unfriendly service and crowd. Won't be heading back here again.
BRAVO.....Finally authentic excellent Greek Eats in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!
amazing food! you have the brunch menu even for lunch and afternoon tea!
Great food. On the pricy side but phenomenal dan dan mien noodles. I want some shipped to me!!!
Pasta was cooked perfectly . Service was on point. Pizza was delicious . Def recommend.
My FAVORITE place to eat!   Pork belly bao, pot stickers, Mexican coke...repeat!
I've been going to Jessica for almost a year now and now I won't let anyone else cut my hair again.
Yummy! This BBQ is sooo good! You have to try it!  It will be your favorite in central Phoenix too!
Cool hotel on the south end of the strip, close to the newer hotels.  Decent prices
Everything with the shortribs was great for sure will be back for that grilled cheese again.
Decent prices , very friendly staff , but most importantly great food. The yelp deal also a steal.
BEST pizza in Nevada!  Thin crust & excellent sauce.  Great Salad to go with your pizza-
Smoothie was good, service was better than reviews!
We ordered everything but the beef rib and it was all amazing! A must eat in Cleveland
Tasty burgers done just rite.the staff are hip but polite as well.very classy.5stars all day .yummmy
Bad food and service. Overpriced cafeteria at best. Just, No.
Yum! This place has very delicious food! You definitely have to try this place your next meal.
Worst place to go they are rude and don't care about the people. I do no recommend going here.
Loved Carson Kitchen! worth the trip to old vegas!!!
Great food, total controlled chaos !!! Love it , a def in the Charlotte music scene!!
A good place for some fast Mediterranean style food.
Super clean movie theaters! Staff is sweet and helpful. Will definitely be coming again!
Place is not good anymore
Pastor tacos were delish.  Loved the pineapple and salsa bar.
Campfire milkshake was wonderful, as was the gold standard burger. Service was friendly and fast
Big fan of the sandwiches and entrees made to order and carry out.
Great spot for tourists to grab brunch before heading out to start your day with some site seeings!
Beat Safelite's price by $100 and provided fast, perfect results. Couldn't be happier!
Pizza was expensive and way too thin pizza - would never return
Excellent food! Zachary was or chef, and he was absolutely amazing! We had so much fun!
Food so good that I made an account to just to rate it.Paella was better than my grandma's!
Taylor was awesome!! Best first time Brazilian wax experience =D I will definitely be returning!
Always a stunning experience - the East Side lounge is the best lounge I have been to in 10 years.
Expect 1hr or more for wait times, I saw my PA for less than 5 min. Enough said.
Food was good but again had to wait for our order for like 40 minutes at a fast food joint wtf
Great and fast service. I really like their Neapolitan shake.
Good date spot.  Get the mac n cheese.  Yum!
I liked their Bryani and malai kota.  Overall good ambience and good food. I definitely recommend.
Too dated, too dark. Their buffet?  A total joke. I honestly gagged.
Love the new theme to this shop. Mandy the Manager is the absolute BEST!!   LOVE YOU ALL!  MARC L.
Gabbie at the counter was super helpful. The crack pie is to die for. You must try this place.
I love this place. New favorite. Good beer, great veggie dogs and a really nice patio.
Delicious every time!  They should run more specials and keep the salsa bar cleaner.
Tim did a great job as chef. Food was great! Don't know how it could have been better!
Waited an hour and a half for the sadest salad in the world. Def won't be eating there again.
Good Mediterranean food. Can dine in our take out. Fair prices and decent portion sizes.
Great selection when iam in town I go here!  Mark CPT bestpapersonaltrainercom
Very friendly and helpful staff.  Wide variety of shoes but limited lather sizes for women.
Never been sick eating here big plus for these kinda joints on top of that food is amazin
Holy crap-$40 drinks.  Service was minimal.  Food was ok, nothing special.
Recommend the sushi burrito.    A lot more product for not much more in price!      !!!!
Run don't walk if you are a blonde....I should have waited for Jean-Marc!!!  Lesson learned!!
Scenic way to get to the great restaurants on Mt Washington.
Horrible customer service. Disrespecful to guest and just shitty employees!
Beautiful venue, excellent service, and delicious food!
Yumm! Salted carmel yumm, raspberry yumm! 4 dollar creme brulee yummmmmm!
Old school great Mexican food with good customer service.
Can't complain about this location. Drive through is quick and they have never messed up my order.
A little gem in a central location. Excellent and quick service. The food and drinks were great.
Last time when I was here, I got a wonderful haircut :) The staff is super helpful and super skilled
 
Beautiful cakes and deserts! But my favorite is the bubble tea. Inside have some tables to sit.
I've used this company several times. Good people that help you work within a budget.
Love Bun cha Ha Noi! It is tasty! Really recommend to try if you dont know what to order
Love it here!  The girls are awesome and their designs and ideas rock!  They always are so nice too
Very friendly and clean.  The OJ was really good, fresh.  A little pricey, but food was good.
Super cute gem! First time here and we loved everything we ordered! Definitely coming back!
Very nice & super affordable! Fixed my 2 watches while I waited......couldn't be happier! Thanks!
Great and cheap place to eat. You need to have the grilled cheese and bacon sandwich.
Wonderful latte with almond milk ! The no pain croissant was not only warm but delicious, as well.
good place for workdays lunch. Large portion. Ordered combo pho and summer rolls, nice!
Love the different flavors of wings. Pizza is good too. Wish there was one surprise closer to home
Nice getaway with great views of Red Rock! A great Vegas fix off the strip.
Loved the open beef sandwich... amazing and would highly recommend. Great comfort food
Absolutely LOVE the purple walls!!!! Bill is so sweet and welcoming! Pleasant experience, fast too!
super cute and healthy menu. i love the atmosphere and how it opens up to the outside!
Nice people, good service and they were able to do a good job with my custom design for my nails.
Horrible!! ETA is 1 hr after I ordered and it came 1 hr late.  I have to wait for 2 hrs for my food.
J'aime bien mais ce n'ai pas une vrai micro-brasserie.
Great service and trusted work  I'll be back. Like the coffee and water while I wait too.
Good tonkatsu ramen. There was a large selection of sushi. Light on the hot entrees though
So good, there verity makes it fun to go Back and try something new
Food was amazing. Nutella stuffed French toast and bottomless mimosas. Friendly staff and good food.
Good store. Produce section a little shaky but now that they added RedHat produce it's much better
Love the gnocchi.  Wonderful view of the Bellagio fountain and the Paris Eiffel tower
There's a guy in the bathroom that sells $2 bills. That was cool.  The biscuit is good too.
Clean facilities. Decent food. There's a slot machine within 10 ft of you at all times.
Not sure if we just happened to get a fresh batch, but these donuts were melt in your mouth amazing!
Best bar in Vegas...dive or not!  Great drinks, great location and awesome service!  Mamasan rocks!!
Great location, quick,clean, helpful and friendly. Defiantly where I would go! Robert is the best!
Decent airport .. 4 stars for the slot machines.
Blackened Ahi Tuna was excellent. The staff is very friendly and I love the new location.
Try to make it here once a month. Love the spicy korean chicken and spam masubi.
Amazing food! You can see why it's a "National" dish in Japan!! Friendly staff! Military Discounts!!
Great pizza, great price, fast service! Zero complaints!! Definitely check this place out!
Chelsey Murray was a great server. Everything she recommended was on point. Good food and drink.
Lovely little cafe.   You'll find amazing soy/coconut lattes
Great dim sum but I recommend to dine at opening time because choices are made limited! Rice cake!!!
Worst place ever! Don't recommend at all!  The service is awful and the waitress was very rude
Taste like overly salty hospital food......but the servers were really nice.
Bland
must try on the way in or out of vegas.. good AYCE .. wide verity and its AYCD too ..
Wonderful company. Did a great job and is a family owned company. Definitely recommend!
Liz is amazing, I recommend her to everyone! Always up on the newest trends and styles!
Ohhhh, warm pancakes,  bacon  and eggs!!! A good cup of coffee and all set for the day to proceed!!!
terrible french fries. tastes like salted cardboard. Im baked af and it's still gross
The food was fantastic and very reasonably priced. You must do the traditional coffee too.
This is the first time I needed a windshield replaced, so I can say that they did a fine job!
Go see Phillip! Sweet, caring and very helpful! I will stop by every time I'm in the area.
Their chairs' fake leather rip in less than 2 days. Invest somewhere else instead of this place.
Excellent food. I had the schnitzel baguette and my daughter that falafel pita. We will be back.
roy came out and added freon and fixed a broken fan part. great, fast, friendly service.
This is a great salon! I love coming here and everyone is friendly and has amazing service!
Good place to score crack. Excellent fix. Still buzzing, expecting withdrawal symptoms soon...
It's was so good! Best ice cream ever! Most gorgeous view on the ride there. Cute place!
Save your money. This place has slipped drastically. Or else they don't have a real Chef on Tues.
Came back, same salty/nauseous feeling. AVOID! AVOID! AVOID!
This is one of the best breakfast restaurant I've been to. The home fries are not greasy.
Really good latte. It didn't sit on my stomach!
The service is terrible. The girl taking my order wouldn't even let me finish what I was saying.
Biscuits were great the gravy was just okay but the service and red potatoes were excellent.
They have the best Falafal in the whole GTA and I mean it. Full of flavors and aroma.
Best rotisserie  chicken in Charlotte! Love the food & the staff is always great! Great Sangria!
Food is really good.  Services is slow & pretentious.  Waited 30 minutes for dessert
The Pad Thai was excellent. If you are new to Thai food, give this signature dish a try.
Technically, Sushi Hut is now closed. Osaka House is in its place, but I doubt for too much longer.
Great people. Very kind, efficient and skilled. I will definitely go here again if need be.
Great services!  Magnificent food!  I dream of the awesome corn dish we had.  Fabulous job!
Man oh man.. best pho in town... the grilled chicken is amazing.. great after a long night.. :)
Petty good place to hang our , free play on all arcade games it's what makes this place
Food was yummy. Service was good. Atmosphere was nice. Overall good time!
Food quality is consistently good
This location always seems so busy. My drink always comes out to sweet at this location.
After we ate there my husband ended up at Mayos ER with confirmed food poisoning!! Ugg!!!
Great draft selection, beer specials, and bar food. Ideal place to watch football on sunday
Fun atmosphere. Delicious fish tacos. Friendly staff. And, oh yes, a blood orange margarita.
Just went to the grand reopening on 32nd st. and Shea....amazing best fish store in Az.
This place is just okay.. Used to be cool.
Creepy and harassing bouncers, ugly guys, no wait because no one wants to go. Would not recommend.
Can't vouch for the tea or food, but their iced coffee is really good. Friendly staff too.
Great Bakery cinnamon rolls give me life. Hopefully soon to have them featured at my restaurant.
This restaurant is closed due the upcoming expansion of Independence Blvd.
The airport is easy to use and they have a kids play area in one of the terminals which is great!
Calamari with homemade marinara sauce  Freshly baked garlic bread  Shrimp Scampi  Tiramisu
the place is clean and nice. we liked our shawarmas - all ingredients seem to be fresh and tasty.
Too much attitude and rude. Customer service is not their strong points. Cheap place.
I love the healthy breads here.  The employees are nice.  Their website has a lot of good details.
Solid food, affordable prices, friendly service, family run. What's not to like?
awesome sushi.  I thought all you can eat sushi would be a total rip.... nope.  It's really good.
Rushed my manicure and did the shaping wrong. It started cracking the next day. Won't be back.
This place is great!  Nothing fancy but delish!  HUGE portions!  Go hungry!
Clean and cozy. I love the individual screening areas. Seats are great!!!
Pricey but nice!  Very clean, aesthetically pleasing, easy to navigate, and smoke free areas!
Still love it...too bad I'm so far away now, don't frequent it as often. GREAT place for lunch! :)
Best place for sushi in Madison. Highly recommend the Super Volcano for anyone who loves sushi!
Okay I'm going to rate it good just so I can ask a question lol. Do they sell UV contact lenses?
food taste good. but service really bad. never come again after giving us food...wont come again...
Friendly staff, tons of cool bike parts and riding gear.
Bad service. Workers are constantly on their phones not paying attention to the customers.
Always quick. Always remembered when im around the neighborhood.
Security is terrible. Waited 1h in an empty line and gave large tip to go in
Great atmosphere!! The food was superb as well! I would definitely come back and would recommend!!
So awesome!!  Yummy fajitas, enchilada, guac and queso!!  Only thing missing was a dessert!!
Yummy nachos!! Perfect for that late night snack just for a simple place to hang out.
Amazing flavors, lots of good spice, inexpensive. Great place, will definitely frequent!
They have the best oj, a great breakfast and the longest wait in town!
Wish I could give zero stars, how does Panera run out of bagels at 8am?!? No bagels= unhappy office.
Awesome rolls! Great service and music:)
Service was really good.  Had lunch.   Felt a little like mall food.
Nice atmosphere. Good food. Fair prices. I now see why a lot of my friends rave about this place.
Really fancy place. The food was well prepared. They made sure our water was always filled.
The sangria was great! We had a quick happy hour bite of the pork tacos. The best I've ever eaten.
The worst Mexican food ever eaten so over rated. Setting is nice nothing tasted good.
If you can have one drink in the world before you die... Tiki Bob's Concussion would be my choice!
Excellent 24/7 care for our Cat. Professional services with Lab on site. No waiting for results.
Classic dinner experience. Kitsch setting, gets crowded, but a great menu and very friendly service.
Drew our  salesman was a stand up guy, coming from the East coast your word is everything!
Worth a wait for your morning wakeup brew. Skip the chains and support the local thing.
It's one of the best Italian place. Thumbs up for the food and the design of dinnerware.
How dare they not put cheese on my croissan'wich?
One of my favorite breweries to hang. Great food and beer and an awesome beer garden center as well.
This Starbucks always seems to have fun swag...more than that of it's surrounding Starbucks family.
3 words. best quiche ever! It's a bit pricey but for the portion and quality it's totally worth it
Hands down the worst bbq I've ever had. An absolute travesty what they are doing to their meat.
My husband and I are her last summer and I'm still thinking about the food! Great ambience too.
Great selection of colors and services. Love the new owner!!  My nails look great, I'll be back.
We waited 1:15 for our order. The service was incredibly slow and the food was mediocre.
Amazing BBQ this place makes me feel like I'm back at home in Texas. Great job you guys!
Nice atmosphere. Great wine selection. Friendly staff.
Hoping to b good It was packed there Good cold beer Great wraps Nice little place Clean!
What they lack in quality they make up in size. 5$ lunch combo for the hangover greasy cure.
Great burgers and fries.  A little expensive. There was a couple of flies in the dining room.
Le Pain Quotidien went out of business... a bankruptcy notice displayed on the front door.....
I love this food truck! The owners are super friendly and the hot dogs are always awesome.
This place sucks, its highly overpriced save your money and go to smart and final. The staff is rude
Love, love, love the bean and cheese burritos and guacamole! Delicious lemonade and horchata too!!
It's ok but nothing amazing. Food is bland and tasteless but they do deliver and take about an hour.
Pittsburgh's best wormhole a sensory overload, party drugs a must.
Very convenient location. Lots of machines and a couple large tables to fold.
Really good food and environment. If not sure what to get, get the nachos or the meatloaf!
Best bbq around! Tri tip and pulled pork are outstanding. Large portions and friendly service!
Shop owner Aaron Neiman is an amazing tattoo artist!! You'll get great work here without a doubt!!
Easily once of my favorite places for lunch! Love the food and the price!
The atmosphere was nice but it was the worst risotto I've ever had. It was very wet and soupy.
I love this place. Yhey have a little bit of everything. The owner is very helpful.  B.N.
Love this place Dr Gupta and Dr Vilas are amazing.
Does being in the ghetto make you extra divey?
Great place...super friendly staff fun games..Its reliving your child hood but with cocktail.
best. coffee. ever! order the flat-white or the piccolo.  you will not be disappointed.
Proud to be an American!
For a place named the WING machine, they have probably the worst chicken wings in the neighbourhood.
Really good for the money paid.
This is our favorite place love it the waitress are friendly. We are here almost every week.
OK.... REAALY??!! Take my beer bottle back to the bar to order anther damn BEER??!   C'MON Man!!
Amazing place. Never had nachos this good in my life. Legit! This place was so good.
Nice place n enjoyed everytime I got my massage. Price are very affordable. Staff very nice.
Food is ok.  Nothing spectacular except the price.  Waiter is ok.  Not looking to return again.
If I could rate this lower then a 1 I could. They're dumb asses can't get an order right.
Great specials.  The food is light and is not greasy at all.  Taste very fresh.  Would visit again
Nice place. Liked the ambience. Was on a corporate party do don't know how pricey it is.
Very clean! Great food! at great prices when watching the ads. Freindly customer service
Oh man...their gyro salad is THE BEST! Great service, quick, the guys who work here are great.
HORRIBLE experience dealing with this mortgage company. Do not waste your time.
Everytime I come here we have wonderful service and delicious food! I love the steak and shrimp!!!!
The best porterhouse steak I ever had is here. Make sure to dress formally before coming in here.
The patio is a great place to enjoy a drink.  Skip the overpriced, mediocre food.
Love the food here. Sandwiches are good and HUGE.
The shrimp tacos were awesome!!! Great little place!
They came through with my request glad to have Barros in the neighborhood great staff
Bonnes bi res, bonne bouffe, beau d cor, belle vibe.. Un des bijou de Rosemont petite Patrie
Very good price but long waits and its very hard to have a conversation. The place is way too loud.
Pinball's a rip.  Nice machines but $1.25 per credit is crazy.  $7 for a beer is also bonkers.
Got sushi delivered.  Was middlin.  No wasabi on side or on sushi, which was a bummer.
No one is wearing gloves. I've waited about over an hour to get my food. Horrible service
Hands down the most amazingly delicious spicy tuna roll I have ever experienced in my life.
Fantastic food and cocktails ($10). Outside games. Live music. Great place for a party.
Great service and work. Nice and pleasant atmosphere. Priced right for nail services.
The staff here is incredibly unprofessional and unapproachable. I will never return to this store.
They don't let us Jeff the course. I especially liked teeing off in the neighborhoods.
Love Barros pizza.  I've eaten at a couple of different locations and it was really good.
our family favorite!  love this place.   The food is fabulous! great staff,  very clean
Had a half price grand opening coupon. Wasn't worth it at any price.  The sandwich was TASTELESS
Internet sucks! If you're on yelp to help with shopping for internet DO NOT go through them!
This is the best GYM I have been too. They offer most everything and the staff is wonderful.
Superb food with a menu selection second  to none. The party is better than the invitation!
Great healthy bfast wrap - egg whites, grilled chicken.  Add avocado for an excellent meal!
The lamb shank was great. Good smoked eggplant appetizer. Service was excellent. Highly recommend.
Very good food and service!!! Try the honey mustard BBQ sause!!!!
Best crab Rangoon I've ever had!  It actually has real crab!!  The dipping sauce is perfection!
yum yum just like the name says! Come in for the lunch specials as the prices are great.
This place WAS the best dive bar in phoenix now it's just ok... if it's not broken, don't fix it.
We love this place for breakfast! Daytime crew is always attentive and the food is delicious!!!
Two words, Yellow Curry! So super tasty and fabulous! I
Meh. I thought the menu would be bigger. Nice music after 9 P.M. - fun atmosphere.
1 star = burnt coffee = not funny service = too much ice in the iced coffee = broken straws.
Great service.  Large portions.  A bit tricky to find the place in the dark but it's worth it.
They have really good burritos!  I tried the mole burrito and the chile verde. They were tasty.
When the light is on -- go. Fresh and hot.  Delicious. Decadent and delightful!  Enjoy!
Pretty average place to get Some breakfast.
No good!  Taste wrong!  Over cooked pork chop.  I will not go back.
Excellent Pad Gra Pao!  Loved the food here. Will come back again to try the mango sticky rice.
It's really good with full salsa and fresh meat, but sometimes they forgot to cook your flower
Always great and friendly service! Amazing atmosphere despite it being on the busy stripe.
Not good services. Been here 2 hours and it sucks will not be coming back thats for sure.
Best Pho I've had in vegas so far. Even a bit better than District One and that's saying a lot.
One of my favorite sushi spots in Scottsdale.  The food is awesome and great wine selection as well.
By far the best pho I had here in Vegas. The oxtail pho is to die for! I will definitely come back!
Best pizza in Cleveland.  Only bad thing is I wish it was closer!!!
On an mission from Jen. Ended up going to the Movies.
All you can eat sushi better than 90% of sushi restaurants I've been to. Highly recommended.
So much to chose from; great breakfast place. Generous portions.
Best nail shop in town. Elaine is a peach and Vanessa a skilled artist. I'm always pampered here.
So good! Always an impulse buy! Waffles+Fruit+Nutella... what's not to like?
Out of the way a bit. Great sushi, great prices. Definitely my go-to sushi restaurant here.
Loved the pool and loved the rooms!  My cousins stayed here and their room was beautiful!
Nothing extraordinary, was very disappointed but I guess for being mall food it's okay
Super fun! Who doesn't love roller coasters? They offer a military discount here.
Amazing yogurt and toppings bar! Such a wide variety of flavors and not too expensive
Meat was delicious  and the service was great. Don't miss this.  Togo was our server.
Came here to winterlicious with my boyfriend. Food was good & staff was nice :)
Espresso beans were fantastic.   Complex flavors from a surprisingly light roast for espresso.
Great food and very tasty, plus you don't feel guilty or lazy after.
Great Little Store!! This place has some great sandwiches. 5-Star all the way  Thank you
Dim sum was ok.  Chung Funn was not good.
Fries are under-cooked and wet; I ordered sandwich without pickles but still has pickles.
GREAT experience and work! 4 hours later, it looks as good as new.
Like the shawarma here... fresh ones in the morning hours was really tasty...
64 floors up great views food and cocktails definitely try it out I've been here twice and love it
food is just like any other tim hortons but the service and staff is horrible.
Loved it - order a pitcher of Top Shelf Margaritas - you won't be disappointed
nice place with 2 rinks and they host a great skating competition.
Best pho! Seriously delicious! We go at least once a week and the servers are so nice!
Marcel did an awesome job and I appreciate his efficiency!! Reliable and timely!! Thanks so much!
OMG, this bakery is awesome!!!  Everything here is amazing! Try the cannoli!
Good drinks. Great karaoke. Nice patrons. Taylor is a great waitress.
This place is NOT closed.  It's OPEN and it's AMAZING!   Come in and meet the new owner.   :-)
Not enough flavor for me but it seems to be popular with students. Prices are average for campus.
Always friendly service.  Even if you don't go for the beer, the food is always superb!!
We loved pronto in vegas. Small and quick run thru and they give u free cookiesnif u check in
Great food. Super clean restaurant. Smiling helpful staff. Best guacamole ever. Great place to go.
reat food and smoothies! Portions were just enough.G
Ahhhh this damn airport is so long!!! It was never ending walk to our gate. -_- haha, FML.
Super tasty pizza. Nuff said.
Second time in. They were great and fast. Appreciate their customer service.
I love this place! The staff was very friendly and my nails came out great- $18 for a fill
Super yummy and friendly, funny staff. The vegetable samosa is better than the chicken.
Yumm!! My favorite !!!! I love coming here... food atmosphere and waiters are amazing!!
Can't get enough of this place. I love it more each time.
BEST pizza in town. Must try the mamma spinato pizza, its the best!
Great food, nice atmosphere, solid service.  My only knock is it's a bit pricey in the value area.
Great service. Clean place. Great vegetarian selection. Food is enjoyable. Convenient location.
OFF THE CHAIN!!!! Wow best overall BBQ joint I've ever eaten at!!!  Did I say off the chain!!!
Great ambience matt stopped by to inform us of all the new great cocktails and great small bites
Oh my god, it was totally worth the money. Tasty and crunch. Wow I will go back soon.
I was so disappointed. Paid $9 for a quart of rice and onions with 6 or 7 pieces of shrimp!
Beware. I ordered a chicken breast sandwich. I was ill for three days. No joke.
Good food, awesome rice!  I whish I could just jet a rice bowl!
Not clean. Poor service. Attitudes. Not helpful. Insensitive. Rude.   WACK
Yes, THAT Mel's Diner!  Cool place and good food.
Fast service, good breakfast,  great pancakes! Small establishment though so get there early!
J'ai ador  le cappuccino, l'ambiance, le service, la bouffe et d cor. C'est un sans faute.
This dealership is simply TERRIBLE!  If there were such thing as 0 stars, they would have earned it!
This is a nice safe circle K  not like a lot of the other ones around the valley
We ordered the crepe with the nutella, banana and almonds and it was great!!!
Shrimp cheese crisp and sangria. My happy place. I'm here almost every time I'm in Phoenix.
Sr Carloscv Vi nube buenos cu nt NBCos suc tf y  rx B b juicesBkjC BGentxallyrfcrcvru
My GOTO folks when I need ANY computer work for company or business...
This place is awesome, they fixed my phone within an hour! My phone looks brand new again! Thanks
The cupcakes were a bit on the dry side. I had high hopes, but maybe it was an off night.
Juju K: Maybe you're confused because prime rib is not a steak at all, but a slice of roasted beef.
They lie don't tell you all about the car you are buying stay away go to another dealer
Great time. Excellent service out waitress checked on us regularly. Love music awesome!!
Love this place. Have been leaving pups here when we travel for couple of years. Never an issue.
Con panna and a berry muffin make my day. Comfortable environment and nice coffee
It's modern and not too crowded. Free Wifi and they fly Jet Blue into Long Beach. Almost 5 stars.
Fantastic Seafood tower and wine list - good music when I was there and a lot of great people
The eggrolls were excellent.  The staff was very curtious. The Bubble tea is so fun to drink.
I use the app and it works for me every time.  (I use stations in oakland and shadyside.)
Best chowder in the world!!!!  The service was phenomenal also. And the Gaelic punch was fabulous.
Great sushi, fast delivery, good value.
Banana Rolls are my favorite! Service is good! Four stars coz they messed up with our orders!
This is the #1 vintage clothing store you will ever find. Everything is $10. Huge selection.
Service was amazing.  The manager Jim Helped my grandmother to her car.  What a nice young man.
Great food and very quick service. This was during a packed house on Veterans Day. Will come back.
O M G... Vanilla Butter Pecan Iced Latte with a hint of Caramel.... Need I say more????
Great night out with people at new city gas! Drinks are good and ... Also good dj ;) love it
Fantastic food, very friendly staff. The place would probably need a renovation but it's okay.
I got the Cuban pasty, almost the best thing to graze my lips..... get it...ommmmgggg
OMG bomb ass pizza, watch the guy hand toss a gigantic pizza dough..   love it!!!
Baristas were quick and efficient.  The drinks were a-ok.
Good atmosphere, good show. Didn't go to the restaurant but attended a show upstairs.
Such a great place to eat! A unique twist to service, and the food was great. We will be back!
Absolutely the best grind in Las Vegas! Great food and atmosphere! Dakota our server rocks
Decent. Love their frozen lemonades, especially during the summer!
Yelp please take this down this restuarant has not been here for multiple years. Thank You
It's soooooooo damn weak. Food was cold. Meat was dry. Service wasn't good. I do not recommend ever
Awesome beer selection! Great ambiance! Loved the fried pickles! Will be there again ASAP!!!
Lavo is my new favorite! Loved the food, service, atmosphere! Totally recommend it!
The $2.75 kid cone is really small.  Go for the small.  This is trendy or tourist ice cream.
Great burgers  service was ok. Would go back and bring friends/business associates.
Great food and service. Had a breakfast sandwich and it was nice and juicy and not dry.
I tried the Shortrib Rice and it was amazing! The beef melted in my mouth. Highly recommend.
The food that comes out of this place is delicious!! First time here and impressed will be back.
Great service & delicious food! Try the BBQ wings. I think they're the best in Cleveland!
Cat fish and ribs are fabulous. I'm coming back.
Foods great. Their dessert selection was good. I ate 6 pcs. of their pistachio merengue ...
Fabulous-would definitely come back again when in town. Go there you won't be disappointed.
Oh wow!  There is no a/c in this airport.  Why???????   This is going to be a miserable 4 hour wait.
Fast service and the unsweetened iced tea is fabulous!
Excellent service, great ambiance, onolicious steak! A must go to! The best steak I've ever eaten!
Outdated rooms, weird smell in all the hallways, 30+minute check in, and way overpriced.
Always the best of times it's my happy vortex lol karaoke hosts are the best lots of fun
Food was bad and service was even worse. Overpriced  for tasteless food. Will not come  back
Went there for breakfast and got served raw eggs. Will not be going back
Great eateries, amenities, easy access, fun!
We had the Dixie breakfast meatloaf and it was fantastic! Plus the service was friendly and fast!
YUM!  What else can I say?  Great service and decent food.  Can't go wrong.
Great environment.  Fun place for the groups.  Good variety of beer and sausage platter is tasty.
Fantastic tacos! Come everyone!!! Great food and service and tacos and pop and atmosphere!!!!!!!!
Fast friendly and courtesy and helpful services and clean and the food is good and no waiting.
Good food and a friendly atmosphere. A bar for grownups.
All I can say is this  place is just way better than LAX. Plus you can drink, gamble and grub!
Great place' great srvice, fast and proffesional!!! By the way, much cheaper than Hotels!
Hole in the wall with amazing lattes, hot chocolate and tea. I'm hooked.
Great food and service, one of our favorites places to go for a celebration or to take company.
Super friendly. Family owned. Very clean and the chicken kabaab and gyro are the best!
Not bad for burger and fries.  Gravy is tasty.
Best customer service I have had in a long time. Delicious orange bread and chocolate cookies!
The best prime rib.  Great service.  Nice atmosphere.  We love going and enjoy it every time.
The best restaurant in Downtown Chandler.......great food & drinks with a lot of style!
Great mid-town coffee shop.   Easy walk.  Dog friendly.  Food is fresh.  Simple menu.
Delicious food!!! Uber Eats will bring their delicious little morsels directly to your door.
We stopped in for bottles of water. Look like a great store. Wish I lived closer so I could back.
Very very Quiant, as for the food excellent. Looks like we found our weekend brunch spot.
Lattes were good. Hubby loved his sliders, I enjoyed my Eggs Benedict.
Yummy sushi/sashimi and great appetizers. Very speedy service. Nice staff. Good lunch spot.
Delightful breakfast buffet in a beautiful setting. Tasty food. Pleasant staff. Beautiful patio.
If you want a great workout & max results, ask for personal trainer Travis Carlton! A+
CLOSED...  apparently another greedy landlord, too expensive to continue  CLOSED. Closed.
Great for when you have to feed your inner fat kid.
A+++ delicious!!! So many options, space and good times!!!!!!    Come visit and enjoy!!
I love the cupcakes from this store. Went for my birthday and they were so delicious.
Staff is friendly, clean place, and service is fast.
Very good pho and spring rolls. The menu is small and simple but they do everything really well!
This is far and away the best location. Blend is simply the best.
Had fabulous breakfast tacos! Service was just fine and the outside seating is comfortable
Their inventory is amazing.  Counter guys are always helpful for us DIY dummies! Thanks!
Just can't hardly decide which to eat.  They are all delish. Wish they stayed open a little longer.
Best local buffet for the price food is always good. Nice place to relax specially the pool area.
This place is Awesome!! Great smoothies and amazing service!! We had great time there. Thank you!!
Wonderful!!!  This is one the best restaurants in the world!! Loved their macrobiotic salad!!
Not to clean.  Everything tasted like fish, a bit odd.
The Brisket sandwich was really good. Located at Container Park, a casual setting, a nice find.
Nobu- all I can say is if you want the best sushi of your life, eat here.
Took my mom her for her birthday and it was a great experience. Personable staff and manager.
I travel to vegas every month and always come here. Sushi is fresh and the service is awesome!
Nice Irish tavern.  It was hopping while we were there.  The serving of sheppards pie was huge.
Inexpensive, well made comfort food. HUGE portions. Highly recommended.
I really like their food. Beautiful restrooms. Our waitress Gloria was great. We will be back!
Greesy food, but good for the day after hangover. This joint is gone though.
The Sunday Brunch is amazing. We love it. Want to try out their all you can eat crab legs next.
Ordered and was ready super fast. Amazing and delicious. Definitely my new to go sushi spot.
Great ambiance, delicious food! Service is awesome thanks to Casey. Galbi, pork belly must have
Nice atmosphere, food is good.  Lot of history cool place will be back.
I have 2 100 pound pit bulls and the rug was filthy but they made my grout and carpet spotless
Hilary our server was great! As were the food & drinks. Tuesday afternoon and it was very pleasant
I make better nachos drunk in my bathtub. Cool music videos, though. Decent location.
Very satisfied. Honest evaluation and great service.  Worked my vehicle in without appointment.
Great selection and friendly bartender but lighting and crowd draw leave something to be desired.
Hole in the wall with quick service and authentic ramen... I had a great experience twice!
Wow the Gelato is amazing!! Cant get enough. I also recommend the Crepes they are famous for them !
Smokey and old, but very nostalgic. I have to say I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
One of the best donut places in cle! I would recommend the sourdough or glazed blueberry.
Very good food, service, atmosphere/ambiance, set in the beautiful old port neighborhood.
This was good. I really liked it. I've gone twice. The food was delicious and servers friendly.
Great food and the owner John is very kind and considerate. Pleasant staff - what's not to like!
Service no different than in Brooklyn. Slow and stuffy wait staff. Food not worth the wait.
It is suppose to be a premier place, but if there is not a large act, I am not impressed.
Endless shrimp is freaking bomb. Adam (server) was fun
Went there for the fish fry. Very, very good, but can anyone tell me what kind of fish they serve?
Took awhile for the food but it was very good. Service was great. We'll be going back.
Have been here twice. Wouldn't  go amywhere else.  Colleen is amazing. Definitely recommend!
Great service had my ring resized couldn't even tell.
I've been coming here since high school....never a disappointment. Best hidden lil gem.
Very good food!  Service is great!  You must try the black cod!  It was the best ever!!
Great place! I always get my eyebrows done here and service is always fast. Angela does a great job.
The smoothies are so delicious that I am totally addicted. It's nice to have Boba in Town.
My go to coffee shop in Bloor West Village. But no wifi? That's just annoying in this day and age!
great products and value.  I have purchased at least 10 times and have always been satisfied.
Wonderful dentist. Gentle and caring. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
Nice clean well organized store with good quality merchandise, it's worth checking out.
The best steak on the planet!  I have never had a better meal.  A bit pricey, but worth it!
Gorgeous  furniture and very helpful staff.  Convenient great location.
Our weekend Starbucks.  Services are usually ok, except for the Chinese lady.
Absolutely looooove this place!! Sushi is alway fresh but more importantly it's fast.
Cheap, tasty as hell, what else do you want? The lengua is super tender and delicious.
Such a cool atmosphere and great food late at night!  This place is a must when in downtown!
Sent my daughter here last summer for the summer camp I was pleased she will be coming back
Just as good as Rainbow Donuts and it is in Goodyear
If you have a dinosaur lover this is a awesome place to come. Lots of things to do for the kids.
A small family place with great food. They have huge portions. Highly recomended.
Cool atmosphere, awesome Cajun fried oysters and spot on negronis.  Highly recommend.
Got Pho combo. Tastes like how it's supposed to and they gave a lot of veggies. Happy tummy
The good: Quick service   The BAD: The food! Had a veal sandwich that was awful tasting and cold.
We love this place.  Food rocks.  Can't go wrong with the food.  Service is a little hit or miss.
Excellent seasoning, smoke and flavor of the ribs and brisket! Get there early before they sell out!
Food is great....on the pricy side but I think its worth it. The service is just so so.
Hidden gem!! Will definitely be back. Service was great and the all you can eat was off the charts.
Lindsey is the best! My nails always look beautiful and I receive compliments daily. :)
Move efficiently and quickly! They wrap all furnitures with cotton foam. Would choose it again!
Lash tinting was great, but the boutique wasn't all that interesting.
Loved the concept but the customer service was the best I have had anywhere in a long time!
Overpriced kinda like chipotle. Food is served in styrofoam containers.
the boho salad is amazing.  I really want to try the soup now!
Very clean lots of different flavors and a great amount of toppings my daughter loves coming here
The place looks ok, but the food is terrific! Fresh and home made.
i'm from california and i think that this is the best mexican place in madison!
This place was pleasant, service was fast, and unlimited sushi. Super awesome good stuff!!!!
Great tasting food at a fair price. The yelp reviews were spot on. Will be going back !
This place was brilliant,  my son loved the food and the people were so sweet to him.
I came here to make copies and the girl Angie (i believe is her name) was a huge help and very nice
I'm not going back. So disappointed in my son's haircut for the price you pay was expecting better.
Donna was very friendly.  Food was amazing.  Try the loco moco and the biscuits and gravy!
Best food ever! End of discussion. I love coming here! Friendly waiters and delicious breadsticks!
Possibly the most bland pho I've tried to date, however the mango smoothie was good.
Good for drinks and light meals/appetizers, especially the blood orange margaritas!
La propret  douteuse, la pr paration calcin e
Great place. Excellent choice. Great pancakes and amazing French toast dessert type toast.
Terrible food inside a terrible hotel. Perfect combo, right? Overpriced as well.
Everything is way to steep of skateboarding this park is mostly meant for bikes and scooter.
Best chicken parmesan I've ever had! And my husband loved the lasagna!! Can't wait to go back. Yum!
Great reverse happy hour service is great and the sushi chef's are very talented.  Love there rolls.
Randy and Stephanie are very pleasant. As a new couponer they were very helpful. Thank you
Great food and great service. My only complaint is wrong NFL team! Lol Highly recommend!
Friendly, professional service with top notch pedicure--all for great value!
The server handed our son the tip we left her and said" Give this back to your cheap father "
Asked for plains wings. Got burnt wings. Not a hard job to cook wings on a grill.
Just came into a breakfast buffet. Good jog guys and gals. Good and not pricey
Perfect for lunch or earlier dinner. Lemonade, chopped salad and pizza to share.
pretty bad service and food. really ugly and rude waitresses, bad atmosphere...
The name says it all--honest car care--a rare thing these days.  Great place!
Incredible response time. Wonderful service. Jason and his team at Horstman is the best there is!
I love that they called 2 days after seeing my pet to check up on her!
Billy is awesome!!! He found my purse for me! Food is very good, drinks are good and strong
Clean and tasty! Best sushi around this area. Plenty of parking spaces. Highly recommend!!!
Not bad. Meat is very fresh but stove is too small to cook all food. Not very good for big group
Best French onion soup I've ever had. Quintessential Montreal experience...a must visit!
Yummy food..! Casual ambiance(I would recommend after sunset on hot days)..! Excellent service..!!
Simple yet amazing little gem in Cleveland. Best teriaki chicken ever
Packed...but the library is a cool room if you need a break form the pit!
Best brisket I've ever had! I was not disappointed! And now I like Michael Symon even more.
Good atmosphere.  Food was prepared quickly and all ingredients used were fresh and tasty.
This was a mouth watering experience one of the best steaks l have ever sunk my teeth into
Fast, inexpensive, and most importantly my hunting knives are very, very sharp.
cute interior, fast service, delicious food...and TONS of it!  Will definitely be coming back!
Delicious as usual & hit the spot!  Great lunch amount especially for the price!    Yum yum
Cierra did a great job applying my silver gel nails. I got the pedicure with the massage.
Can't go wrong. Fast service. Great food. One of the best, if not best, congee and rice noodles!
Decent dim sum place.  Half full Tuesday lunchtime.  Has all the popular varieties you expect.
thier rum cupcakes are gooodd
Love this place, but BRING BACK THE OLD CHIPS! Nachos ain't the same you know what I'm sayin'?!??
Turkey Bacon Club on a fresh-baked sour dough = perfection. Also location has Cinnabon and FREE wifi
Oh my gosh!! Their food is absolutely delicious. This will be a must stop whenever we are in town.
Good pizza buffet and salad bar. Been coming here for years. Cinnamon breadsticks!
Horrible customer service and cheap clothes. I will never shop at Zara again.
Good food good beer...Awesome owners and Staff!! Bacon southwestern egg rolls my fave!!!!!
Had a nice time tonight with a friend and my little one Enjoyed the service and the movie in comfort
Fun environment.  Good service.  Terrible food.
Had my sons party here and it was great! Staff is helpful and friendly. Will definitely come back!
Great food and service nas always.  I think it is one of the better Thai places around
Love this place!  Very friendly and professional. Staff is so helpful and the classes are fantastic!
Yummy! Home-cooked traditional breakfast goodness made with love.
Just had lunch with my mom here and the food was great! Try the loaded potatoe side, it's awesome!
This place is consistently slowest and most disorganized restaurant that I've ever been to.
Wish we had raising canes at home,  would come to Vegas for some Canes.  Really good food!
Makes a great neighborhood restaurant.  we frequent it often.  Relaxing bar and outdoor seating.
Always a favorite when we travel to Las Vegas and Dallas. Love it!
Fresh and safe food.  Prices were fair and had some amazing sake.  Service was awesome.
I love this place, people are friendly and the service is grate. The owner is very nice and friendly
This place was aight.  The burger was too salty and the fries are shoestring.  Boo hisss
Zach at Ganem Jewelers is fantastic!!!!
Great bar! Very friendly staff! Joe is an amazing bartender! Highly recommend this place!
Some of the best pies in town, it's a shame they are so far from my house.
This place is amazing. The Hawaiian Dole Whip Pineapple is my favorite with the Pomegranate.
Filet mignon nacho are delicious and a large portion. All you can eat chips and salsa was so good.
Excellent Location. Clean restaurant. Impressive salsa and drink selection what is not to like here
Great veal meatloaf, nice retro tables and chairs. Service was friendly, a little slow but relaxed.
Great place. Best cheeseburger. I will definitely come back. Good ingredients and really good food.
Very friendly and helpful staff. Excellent coffee and pastries. Nice and relaxing atmosphere.
Compare to LA, the pho here is really so so. I would not recommend my friends to go here.
Great selection,  always good food, can't beat the prices! Try the bikini roll, you'll thank me.
Yumsters!!!! Fresh and tasty that is all.
Great service by Blanca...good BBQ for Nevada...We are from Texas and this BBQ was great.
Came twice during vacation and this is the slowest Mc Ds in the world.  Be prepared to wait
Poor attempt at nachos. Chips (half plate) cheese n onions for 8 bucks? Sad at best...
My kids LOVE this place. Clean, friendly and amazing , fresh food.
Awesome place to play with some friends and group brainstorm~ everyone should check it out!
Amazing food, atmosphere and service!  Zero complaints about this place! A+
this place is good. the one in 85044 however closed. the one in gilbert I believe is still open.
Great cigar bar with patio seatings and beers on tap! Love hanging out here with friends!
was Great place for affordable red bean pastry but unfort. closed..
Great customer service !!! Food is fresh. Manager is so friendly and customer service oriented!!
Staff is friendly. Smoothies are a little sugary for my taste. Coffee is great.
Classic smoothies are good and ice cream looks good. Trying it out next time.  Place is clean btw.
Great food!! Sharp deco. Quiet as in not too noisy . Surprising location: strip mall.
Best Italian in town. So glad "Don Antonio's" is back.
Like most I like the taco's and the store/deli. Better than u can get in the strip district IMO.
This place is one of my ultimate favorite for their fried pickles, and Signature Aiko
This was a great place for date night. I highly recommend. Check out the basement and the elevator.
Great curry. Staff is extremely friendly. Fast service & did I mention the curry is good???!!!
Nobu in Vegas . It is one of my favorite restaurant . I can not go wrong with the choice
Pizza was amazing. Not busy at all. Great service  Chicago deep dish was one of the best things
Phenomenal service.  Demi was an exceptional server. Food was off the charts. Views are incredible.
love love this place, great and fresh sushi, great Service. Never disappointed at thud restaurant!!!
Burnt to a crisp. And thankfully so. This place is closed. We are all thrilled.
I had a decent time at the bar. Service was good, food was on par with any other Red Lobster.
Great place, always has helpful employees and consistently good food. The night crew does great!
Great service. The food is delicious. The portions of cowboy stuff meal is big!  Plenty for 2.
Nice and cozy with lots of vegan choices. Great presentation and ambience. Friendly staff.
Great spot for lattes and people watching at Yorkville! They accept debit and credit only; no cash.
Lots of very good dishes, but they have some of the world's best pancakes!!!
Great ice cream. Great staff. Good time try the Casey's root beer float. AMAZING!!!!!
Great service. They close at 9 pm, but squeezed in my pho and com thit meal at 8:45pm for take out.
Every time we have an appointment here they are 45 min to 1 1/2 hours late! Don't use them!
Slow ass service. They also suck at greeting too. Get more employees and a manager who cares.
Great food and great service! Loved it. My friend was visiting from California. He loved it too~
Had the smoked pastrami sammi and it was insane !!!! House smoked beans and rice were crazy good !!!
You have to try the peanut butter cookies. They are melt in your mouth delicious.
Absolutely the best gelato in by reminds me of Europe!!!! Hands down the best hooked for life
I like this airport It's big and a lot of places to eat from......
Love the cheap prices!  Hot dog and churro is the best lunch you can get. Hit the spot.
A cover charge for non Nevada residence? Get fucking real..... it's a gay bar, accept everyone
The food is ok, but does not worth its price,15$ for a cheeseburger? I'd rather go to McDonald's.
Just tried the new Mad Greens on Central. Salad was really good. Nice addition to our community.
Awesome burgers and shakes! The lobster roll not soo much though
The best Chinese food in Vegas. Place is very and staff is friendly. Frank , the owner, is awesome
Grew up in Texas. This place does it absolutely right. Best BBQ I've had outside of Texas.
Best bagel I have had in a very long time. Yum!
Although this place is always busy, it is worth the wait. I love you pecan banana pancakes.
Took a friend to celebrate my new job and had an amazing dinner...highly recommeneded!
Pizza was hot and consistent with what I expect from Pizza Hut.  Friendly delivery guy.  Fair deal.
I had the orange chicken. It was very flavorful but should be a little spicier. Very tangy!
Hello, gorgeous! Love the smash chicken and service with a smile.  Food and service are great.
Very good just got a mixed dozen very fresh and soft !
Horrible customer service. Can't believe it. They employed immigrants that cannot speak English.
As usual the pizza with kalamata olives and basil is consistently good each time we order it.
Wonderful. An amazing family outing for special events such as graduations and birthdays.
I need a date!!! The food was great BUT the service wasn't as good. I'll definitely return
I love this sushi.  I think I ate the most delicious sushi. And the price is cheap I love it
One of the best meals in Las Vegas. Service was great and the rigatoni and spaghettini AMAZING!!!
I've been to at least 3 escape rooms around town and Ridfle Room by far is the best one! We love it.
We got a great room at Encore with the panoramic view of the strip. Very clean, modern and relaxing.
Overrated, overcrowded, mediocre food. Lousy coffee. Expect long waits and service errors.
Great wonderful place great hot bread and very nice food realty great place for friends and family
I stop by everytime I am in the area! Great aged chedder chesse and friendly staff!
Some of the best food around town, and its a 100% local somewhat hidden spot, love it.
Saw Tricky Dick with family. Believe that half of Avon was there! Great bar, will come again!!
Been coming here for years.  Always a classic, good American menu and all their dishes are good.
The food was ok Service is attentive and courteous   Could have more vegetarian options
Great experience, really good meat. Good service. Beer from microbrewery next door is very tasty.
Enjoy the food and the view, great service every time I have gone, thank you
Recently got my medusa pierced here by the red head chick, she did a good job I love it!
They have the pest services with a good Price , I will never go to any anther place :)
Can't rant and rave enough about how good the food is. I had sausage and gravy biscuits...yummy.
This is a hidden gem. My recommendation is to order the 12 oz rib eye and split a salad! So good!
Great neighborhood find.  Love their hot bbq sauce.  And amazing cobbler and ice cream.
Great "Norwegian" burger, good vibes, friendly service, good beer menu.
Vee and Brain do awesome nails.  Both are so willing to give me custom nail art.  I love this place!
If you're not busy don't sit around and talk to people when you have patrons waiting for service.
Chili chicken is delicious. Fast service, fairly priced, very friendly owners, I will be returning
Beautiful Views.  Very attentive Staff.  Delicious Scallops = Perfect romantic celebration spot.
Lots of food great prices. Enjoy their pho and theiregg rolls. Service isn't always awesome.
Love this place. Henry gives the best pedicures ever and it's always very clean.
New take on an old favorite.  Some of the best I've cream you can have in the Sun.  Viva Las Vegas!
I love this place. Nice people and good food. Best Thai in PGH.
Had a great time on our one hour your with Ryan! Easy and comfortable for novice riders!
My new favorite place to eat in the Phoenix area! Hands down best food, quality and service.
This is the 5th time in a three month period that the soda machine was not working. WHY?
Great service and great barber's!! Definitely will not be disappointed with this barbershop..
Most amazing lobster done by Chef Gary for $17.99 on Friday!  Cheesecake tastes like my moms!
Short Story tasting menu was 5 stars.  6 courses scallop, soup, fish, and amazing buffalo.
Place is very nice. A lot of tvs!   Coldest beer this side of the Alamo. Also lots of tvs!
I like this McDonald's it's big spacious clean and it had good wifi. Thanks McDonald's
Decent food and a fun atmosphere.  Good for casual lunch.
Can't go wrong here.  Whether you are looking for an academy or in town and need to get in a roll.
I really enjoyed the place. Relaxing environment. Great food. Service was top notch.
Fun atmosphere! Great food with vegan options.
Great variety. Good quality. Nice price.  No complaints.
Lousy overpriced yogurt with kids texting while ringing me out
Favorite breakfast place hands down. Been going here for years little pricey but good  food.
Nice fresh fish and chips. Service was good too. The only issue was a vinegary smell in the resto.
Me & my girl were treated like royalty. Great service! Good food. Will return.
Food is great. Read the reviews please. But the only thing is they ask for 10% tip so be aware!
Best AYCE sushi in Vegas so far. Highly recommended. Great service, spacious, and clean.
Portions are too small and pricey ! It's not worth it. Be prepared to leave hungry :(
Great food avg prices, Love the Hobo Skillet for breakfast (left picture)
3 times, very good and simple. I had my usual corned hash beef with buttermilk pancake. Delish!!
Stumbled upon this place while shopping at Greenland... Wow, great tasting Vanilla Iced Coffee!
The line was to the parking lot, but their donuts are amazing!
Best place for the caraf style coffee!! I hope they never change to the big box coffee station!!
An amazing experience. Very friendly. Best acrylic fill I have ever had! Really recommend it!
The food, service, ambiance and location was excellent. Looking forward to going back there again.
Overall they do a great job! I brought my own hair tho. Plus she has hair products which is good.
Expensive but they did a great job fixing the back end of my brand new SUV.  Perfect repair job.
Excellent food and service! I highly recommend the rider shrimp tamale. I definitely will be back!
Great place for lunch: good food and low prices. Especially enjoyed their fries.
Bang for buck, not a bad place. Good food, good service. Loved the vermicelli!
I am in love with your chocolate frosted cake donuts. There I said it. See u next week.
Very Very Slow! Not a lot there to draw in the crowds except Blu Martini.
Love this place! Open late, vegan options, awesome decor and great delicious ice cream!!!
The service is kind of slow.  The food is pretty good but the prices are kind of high.
Many of these high reviews are written by employees. Think twice before you go to this salon!
Great restaurant and fabulous owners who care about the customers. Desert was simple but fabulous.
Very knowledgeable doctor. He knows what is bothering you and will perform the right treatment.
Worst $11 chocolate milk shake ever .... according to me and my 4 kids .... seriously - UCk
Amazing service. Great food. The flavors were fantastic.
great prices, some of my favorite beans in town and i'm a bean snob!!
Love this place for happy hour. Our host Sean is probably the best waiter I've had coming here.
First time in since it's changed owners. I had the BBQ Salmon salad and it was fantastic.
The Sashimi and sushi combo is a very good deal , food is very fresh and service is great !
Friendly staff and easy to make appointments.  Misty is great at eyelash extensions.
Cozy Inn is an absolutely gorgeous Pet Resort! Definitely a 5 stars!
Great cocktails, a short walk from the sports venues.  Prosciutto pizza, OMG!  EAT IT!
David and Paul are the best ! Very Honest and explain things in clear way.. very Helpful.
A very good Chinese restaurant I enjoyed eating lunch there very fast efficient and friendly
Good food! The Apple BBQ Pork Pita was very tasty.
Bad service and found a hair in my calimari. We won't be going back to this location.
Love Giada's restaurant at Cromwell and Pronto at Caesars! Her food & presentation are amazing!
YUMMY!  Great family style chinese restaurant.  Reminds me of Hong Kong.
Do not go, dirty place !
Solid 3  Basic ass pho up the street from the best pho you can get in Toronto at Tien Tanh
Man they come thru when needed Everytime is a good visit they try to help as much as need
The food was delicious. We enjoyed. Waitress was so pleasant. The place left a good memory.
Boris rocks! Good haircuts from some friendly people at this joint near Miller and Camelback.
Dined here in spring of 2014. Best food I've ever had at a restaurant! Highly recommended.
Great food, very friendly would definitely recommend!  Awesome iced tea too!
Great place! Nice work! Jay did a great job and was quick! Thanks for taking me in so early!
The "Thursday Special" of lamb has phenomenal spice! Delicious! Salad was extremely fresh.
Pork bone soup is the best!!!! Servers are nice and friendly, Clean and well-lit place
Best Slaw Dogs ever, this place is definately up there with one of the best bar/late night foods,
Typical decent karaoke place. Nothing wrong about it and nothing special. Reasonably priced
Prenez la table d'h te vous ne serez pas d u!!!!
Wow amazing steak top notch service whole experience A plus sides are generous delicious
Great food at good prices. Great service also makes this a must-visit place on the Danforth
Good stuff! They fixed my shoes within 24 hrs and came out looking like new for $15
Outstanding event.  The weather was great this year.
Definitely best in town! I got the hairstyle exactly what I want. And the fee is fair.
Great store! They have everything you'll ever need for a party. Great baby shower supplies!:)
Great food at reasonable price. Our favourite is the chicken tikka kabob.
Love their bundt cake! Not too sweet and very moist inside! I tried the red velvet and loved it
We were there just Saturday and it was very good! Loved the Shrimp Scampi...yummy!!
Love this cover.  It's super easy to put on and to remove. The installers were very helpful
Low stocks and somewhat incompetent  staff.. no worse than most Walmart in general however.
It's not worth your time I have Been hung up on trying to order food  I give zero stars
Been going here for years! And it never disappoints. Definitely a hidden gem in Mississauga.
Don't come here unless you have 45 minutes to wait for a cold ass fake Chicago style hot dog.
I've been going here forever, literally since the 90s. Go right when they open to avoid the crowds.
During lunchtime. Very good. Chicken soup some of the best I have ever had. The pico great also.
Fast-food thai food doesn't have to be this bad. The bubble tea is okay - nothing extraordinary.
Dr fish is very professional...his staff? Maybe "professional" but lack compassion
Horrible, horrible groomers.  Don't use this service if your dog needs cutting,
Excellent food. Excellent customer service. Great happy hr prices. Will definitely be back.
Pretty standard Walgreens! Most of the people who work there are nice. Never had any issues.
Very fast service from the second I walked in the door. Tasty and food was fresh. Polite workers.
Pizza shrimp pizza side dish summer corn 
Love this place. Good food, good entertainment. We come here every time we're in town.
The Canadian version of In n Out. Love this place. The burgers are awesome and so are the fries.
It's great! Inexpensive Tex-mex food, cheap beer, and good music. What more do you need?
Seth is an amazing sushi chef! Amazing food. Fresh and worth the money. Must place to eat!
Best Ribs in Vegas. and the red Cool aid is the bomb.
Awesome pizza. I wasn't expecting it to be good. It's the best in Phoenix!
It's terrible. All four of us had stomach after visiting this store. Not recommended.
Great service.  Helped a lot with helping me sell my motorcycle.
Nice friendly staff, drinks are alrigh.
Used to be good for the price. Now they rush everything and will do a mani and pedi in 40 minutes.
Delicious food, fast service and excellent prices. The side dishes are super yummy :-)
Foods is amazing!!! People are so friendly!! Many foods could choose!! Highly recommend!!
Andie is the bomb! She is the best and I look for her every time!  Great food. Lisa was our server.
Great food and great service especially by Julian!  definitely a restaurant to return to!
My favorite place to order chicken and rice or kwao mun kai ,soup was tasteful and sauce was amazing
Great burgers and chicken sandwiches.  My fav is the Spicy Baja Chicken sandwich with Smash Fries!
Pizza is awesome!!! just one slice & it hits the spot. Will definitely come back again
Tina Tang is your girl for the guest list hook ups!! Always a great time! !
Brought out of town family from Los Angles! We had a blast and food was great with great prices.
Great Place.  I eat there every chance I get since I found it.  We have needed a Deli like this!!!
True, charming but nothing outstanding about the food. I can't call this place authentic Italian....
Friendly service, tasty baked goods, real fresh-squeezed OJ. My go to spot for breakfast.
I love going to this Hooters. The Hooters girls are awesome and very attentive. Erica is the best!!
Best deals u will get in town selling your used jewelry. Very nice guy Bill who works their.
Love the menu, quality and taste. Most favorite spot anytime. Banana caramel is personal fav
Tried it because of yelp reviews and it did not disappoint. The pho was amazing! Recommended!!
Horrible customer service, it takes forever to get seated, the servers are lazy and slow.
This company has treated us fantastic during both emergencies and routine maintenance visits.
OMG... I thought 9am opening was a national standard for TJ's... but no, TJ's opens at 8am here!!
Excellent !  Le d cor, la bouffe, le personnel ...
Great spot!! Who would of thought of good food at a gas station!! Real Mexican, Real Authentic!!
outstanding. quality.  the butter burger was so rich as well as the glazed donut bread pudding.
Great place for special occasions! Makes sure to join the rewards program.  Great benefits!!!
I have loved this place for years! Great Irish place to eat. Just wish they had IPA on draft!
It's a chain pizza, pretty good.  I love when they set up the tent outside and sell $5 pizza's
My daughter and I notice the reviews for this donut shop and it didn't let us down. Awesome Donuts
Not bad, got the crack pie. I think I expected more from all the hype. Very sweet, but good.
Great food! So gald they have a location in Mesa!
Great coffee, delicious breakfast panini, precious children's play area, charming ambiance!
I'm steak girl   Here the steak very juicy and tender  The clam soup to me a little bit salty
Nice selection of bourbon and whiskey for such a tiny point of sales.
Although they didn't have what I was looking for, I love .99 cent stores!
Came here for breakfast after a workout.  It was terrific, had the chicken sausage - yum.
Hidden little stand just off LV Blvd.  Delicious frozen custard, just like I love!!!
Great, fun atmosphere. Really enjoyed my burger and grilled octopus. Lovely server as well!
The Kale Caesar was amazing. Main courses were also delicious. Only complain is a little pricey
I love me some pink box.  Ooo la la.  Soft creamy and tasty!
There were good food there and the park was nice. There was also a store that sold healing crystal.
I definitely recommend Roasted Marshmallow! So good I almost regretted not getting a 2nd scoop.
Ok but definitely not the best.  About the same quality as Red Robin for twice the price
very high thrift store prices,more like marshalls,hit or miss like most thrift stores
Excellent Doctor who really cares about patients..Rare...Thank you Doctor for caring....
Drive through window girl was incredibly rude on two separate occasions. Food was ok.
Fucking racist place. A girl asked me for a smoke and I get kicked out for absolutely no reason.
I love taco Tuesdays , the food was great, Tasha my server was awesome, very professional.
I love this place, The food is amazing and the staff is fantastic.
Best gym in Las Vegas and I have been to them all... Lovely staff who treat everyone like family.
I love this guy! He's old school and a very competent Dr.!
Friend brought me here. Menu looked exciting but lacked spice & flavor (ie. bland).
Nothing makes a louder statement than when you come here and pay with a one hundred dollar bill.
Super slow service and really bad food. Idk how other people think this is authentic.
Great burgers. Nice atmosphere during day time hours. Plenty of TVs to watch the big game.
Food was great and beer selection was alright. Great place to watch the Panthers game.
Really good fry bread.  The roast beef topped tostada of light fry bread was really good.
Super place pour manger des produits locaux!
Good Pad Thai and Spicy Basil.  I love good Thai and this is good!
Fish tacos are my favorite. Friendly and great service. Love coming up here when we get into town.
Wings too big yo, order less than you normally order at other places and play it safe.
Prosciutto e mela pizza was delicious! Danielle was are server...super friendly.
Great te service and price - cartier store could not do the fix that this place did highly recommend
Excellent food, made my own combination. I will look for them in the future!
Good people here in Service. As far as the tires go, we will see how they stand up. Decent prices.
Hannah fixed my hair after a stylist from another salon messed it up. She's the best!
Someone condense these:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
Great place for Japanese tapas. The servers were very nice and friendly. I'd definitely come back
Not a bad spot for Vietnamese, though it gets really packed during lunch time, some come early.
BEST staff and drinks EVER!  My kiddos LOVE the kids smoothie, especially the apple flavored. Yummo!
I used to like eating  here, service was ok but food was great!. Now service is bad and food sucks!
Best burger I've ever had on the strip, server was super cool and its 24/7! What's not to love?
Absolutely fabulous Caesar salad. Sea bass was to die for and Scott server was fantastic
Amazing place to hangout... Good food, Good ambiance. Little crowded though.
Had a blast here, loved the crowd and the music was great!  Will be back for more!
Love this place - best chain restaurant around - Red rock shrimp - asparagus and a Malbec
Date nite type place! So beautiful and fragrant!!
Really fresh meat...and juice.. I would go back for sure. Especially the fries with cheese
Good service. Very limited selection.  Only items worth are Prime Rib and stuffed bell peppers
Great sushi, authentic and American chineanse cuisine. Friendly staff, nice environment.
Sunday brunch was a waste of time. Stale food with service to match. Avoid if possible.
Awesome burgers for a "fast food" place. Best fries! Quite the stereo system!
Sevice is much better, sushi quality is okay. The only place i know that is open late.
Sunday Brunch here is the best in Glendale!!  3 dollar mimosas or bloody mary all day!!
Nothing beats landing in Vegas on a Friday night!
My favorite thai place.... come in and visit they have reall great food and customer service
Great food! Different menu than any other bagel shop I've been to.
Friend staff, great service and the meals were hot and delicious.  Would highly recommend OBH.
I love this company always on time when you need them with no problem love love love Penske.
Brook at the bar was nice. This place had great air conditioner. Nice selection of beers.
Omg!!! Discovered this one by accident... It was really good and the prices are very decent ...
Awesome place, awesome service, great food. Shoutout to Adam for making us feel like home
Got the capastrami. A great mix of sweet and savory. And it was so filling!
delicious butter chicken + naan. Downside: can't find a free parking space nearby.
I stand corrected. They do have free wi-fi!  M.I.A., a five star airport indeed!
Fast!! Low cost!! Delicious!Good service!My favorite is margarita. Recommended to try it!
Small place the locals hang out. Huge homemade portions and reasonable prices  a must go
Best burgers and wings in town! Great people, great service, our home away from from.
Great place for breakfast. Great staff and pricing. Biscuits and gravy are to die for.
Perfect place to get a supplemental meal and drink to beat the sun.
A great little diner. Reasonable prices, good sized portions, and cozy atmosphere.
Soo convenient! Go-to for sandwiches and snacks when I want something quick. Awesome staff!
The bruschetta, pizza and pasta were all amazing but the one thing missing was draft beer!
Andre and Sara did a fantastic job on my make up and hair.. They were so much fun to work with.
Great average place to hang in Vegas. Not too pricey but not "cheap" either. Give it a shot!
This is my go to spot for breakfast. Good food, great service, and comfortable atmosphere
This location is always clean, service is fast and friendly.
Yum. Fast and healthy and great family working. Rice bowls and rolls are excellent.
Great Place! Jojo's is the best pizza in the area and they deliver!!!!
Ok for one time to experience,  Way too much rice in rolls, food & service is just ok,
Like other reviewers, great chips and salsa and great food!!!
Chicken is really good, the Ribs are pretty good (but not the best).
Excellent food! The hummus and fattoush salad are my absolute favorites.
Best new restaurant in Desert Ridge area. There's no other place in AZ with such good Southern food.
Great service and good subs.  The pulled turkey is yummy and the grilled Italian was very good.
You get what you expect.  Inexpensive but pretty good fast food.  They do have a value menu.
$14 for a cup of yogurt.
What a joke. My nails were completely uneven. Chipped within 2 days. Worst salon ever.
Sushi bar/Sushi Happy Hour is fantastic but anything else... mediocre.... Nuff said
A bit noisy living nearby but cool to visit they have lots of old relic planes totally fixed up
Service was bad server kept avoiding walking past our table customer service should be taught.
This place is so dirty, that my kids and my socks were black in the bottom. So discussing
Ordered meatballs and one was good while the other seemed like all filling - no meat.
Service   la client le miserable. C'est compr hensible pour un business en voie de disparition..
Management staff sucks! Don't go here
I like their pizza and wider menu too.  Eat in or take out.  Solid value & nice staff.
Great place, get the Meatballs for sure. Tried the Sicilian style pizza and it was awesome!
This airport runs like it ought to. Didn't have any troubles here whatsover.
Absolute favorite high park food stop. Always fresh and tasty! Have fantastic soups and pastries!
I love Arribas and never had an issue here. Love the fact you get Spicy bean dip with your chips.
Love the chicken and the fried okra. They are on. It's grub hub and order up which is awesome!
Just okay. We had some kind of cereal ice cream. Humphry slocomb is better!
I sent the email requested over a week ago and no reply. Reader: draw your own conclusions.
The food was just not good, over cooked. I even tried the desert, my ice cream was fully melted.
Excellent salad bar with hot items as well. I highly recommend the teriyaki beef, it's delicious.
I've been told they re-opened.  Can't wait to go find out for sure.
tables and chairs clean food average - no puking weird ass soft rock songs
Snack bar here is amazing and the food is stellar for a bowling alley. My go to place for pizza!
Excellent!  Flavorful items, large portions, efficient wait staff! Bread is very tasty.
Thank you nice meal, small intimate place that's good for a get together or family Meal
So far a good experience. Highly excellerated learning environment.
Slightly pricey but waaaay worth it! Delicious food and lots of leftovers for lunch tomorrow!
That cyclops burger was greasyyy
Fucking boo you guys suck. Refund a sisters deposit. She was SHOT. FUCKS WRONG WITH YOU
This is the best Thai food spot I found so far! The portions are good and are satisfying!
Amazing. Best Mexican food in town. The only thing that would make this gem better would be beer!
Great place but it can get busy often. Highly authentic cantonese cuisine.
Yelp posted my review under the wrong place.
Cozy and romantic atmosphere. Fancier but still reasonably priced. Really enjoyed the food.
Pretty good place to get a keg. It kinda smells like pee if you go in when you're sober.
You cannot go wrong visiting this salon! Amazing people with alot of talent. Thumbs up, 5 star.
The steaks are good.  Very good wine list.  The restaurant is vey clean and staff effecient and kind
Vibe and food is on point. Great spot for a date with your spouse or significant other.
Hope they don't mess up my order again this places tends to forget my chicken sandwich all the time.
Fancy dim sum place because it was inside a Hotel. So clean, delicious dim sum and great staffs.
Food was ok had a steak w/ shrimp side Ass mashed potatoes. Everything was ok not a lot of flavor.
Had the buffalo chicken sandwich and is was great unique taste compared to others sandwiches
Simple to drive through and friendly personal. Personal explained the cleaning options fully.
These guys rock! Super fast, very inexpensive and they rent all kinds of cool toys! A+ all the way!
Brown lettuce on a $2 upgrade for an over priced sandwich kind of ruined the experience.
The mother f-ing bomb. No weak drinks. Always awesome drinks and great service! Highly recommend
This place is the TITS! All day happy hour during the summer and some bad ass drinks!
Glad we found this place. Sketchy neighborhood but excellent food! The golden rolls were amazing!
Big Elvis has the most amazing voice.  The best FREE show.  Go see him!
Saw CAKE there last year.  Nice grass, beautiful venue, great night!
The food is good. Not amazing. But good. However, the service leaves much room for improvement.
Their grilled wings are the best. Lots of beer selection.
Service was top notch: clean and friendly! The vanilla in a waffle cone is a great choice!
I hope it gets better my loan got sold to Roundpoint so far it has been an horrible experience
The Ham and Brie is EVERYTHING. My friends think they have the best burger in town. It is AMAZING!
Fun pub to watch a game. Staff is super nice. It gets pretty packed during the Pat's games.
Good sushi at a good price   Friendly staff.  Nice ambiance.  Looking forward to coming back soon.
burrito brothers is what fast food would be like in a perfect world.
Great sushi. Great value. Really quick service. Wish the menu had more description though
Good casino, good food options, fun bars, just go.
Lots of variety and friendly service, the quality is real good for the price. Try the desserts.
Wasn't blown away here, but I thought it was repeatable. Good for lunch.
Delicious sandwiches! Great fresh juice selections. Convenient location for a quick bite.
Damn delicious, damn pricey, but worth it.   Our server was a bit of a let down.
Great spot, food was great atmosphere was great. Friendly service and a clean non smokey environment
                        
Thank you to everyone at the Silly Yak Bakery!  The gluten-free casein-free donuts are to die for!
Pizza Kings is blah. Nothing special, bland flavors. Would I recommend it or go back? No
Hannah is great. Wonderful service, love my nails. Best pedicure EVER! I will definitely be back.
Food is amazing and customer service is very good. However, they need more chefs for the Hibachi!
Decent meal orange chicken came on Wednesday nite not crowded polite staff large portions
Great sandwiches and French fries  Love their loaded fries
Love the beer list.   Foods good too.    Its a bar folks!
The buffet is horrible!  They kept running out of food and had very few options. Waste of money.
Dr. Berg is wonderful! Has really helped me with my MS using acupuncture.
Best ayce sushi with an awesome selection of sashimi. The seafood salad is to die for.
My favorite pizza joint in the PHX metro area!
Skyline is a love or hate place. I went for my birthday... I think it's safe to say I LOVE!!!!!
Better version of Paradise Bakery.  Fast service, and not too bad for calories
Dirty, noisy, too bright, like McDonalds only worse.  Not a date place for sure.
Great staff, very nice equipment and prices  are pretty fair. We're glad we found them :)
Good food. Awesome carne asada. Don't like the flat $1 charge for credit cards
Nice place friendly people good location if you wanted you could even take the light rail here
Wonderful food, fast friendly service, vegan dishes, I would come back in a heart beat!!!!
Visiting from Los Angeles, where one can choose from a slew of Pho veitnamese restuarunts
A nice hole in the wall that makes great food.  Pretty cheap to eat and the food is super tasty!
Caramel Pudding Black Milk Tea is by far the best. Definitely recommended to try!
Great place that takes Mexican to whole new level. Awesome place !!!
Not impressed. Staff was rude and girls were boring
This Denny's is a little out dated, but service and food is what you come to expect. Recommend!
Ok breakfast.  Quiet setting.  The pond out front looked tired, worn, and dirty.
Great place with awesome beer. The Red Mountain Ale is very good and the staff are very nice!
Big portions for an amazing price. we stop in everytime we come to vegas
The service can be slow but the food is worth the wait!! The Spicy ChaCha should not be missed!!
I love this place. Amazing food always great service. Shout out to Nica she was great tonight.
Absolutely love this place!! Friendly, warm and cozy and amazing food!  Mexican Benny is my fav!
Mimosas were GREAT! Crabs Egg Benedict were awesome.  Excellent service
Had a great chat with the server. Awesome customer service and almond chocolate croissants
First timer.. good food and service and a real cool spot. Interesting concept, well done
Get the red velvet waffle combo. The chicken sausage is yummy but the hash browns are not crispy :(
Awesome, extremely potent drinks (my experience with the Zombie) at the right price!
Good food. But I don't go to fast food places to wait 15 minutes for a frickin burrito.   Slowwwww
It's a must do.  My family had a lot of fun.  Get the Vegas info magazine, it has a coupon inside.
Candice was great!  The food we had was ok banana nut muffin good..Good casual place to visit..
Food's all good.  Hard to find a spot at the giant bar.  Charred Brussels sprouts were yummy.
Great place with a variety of rolls but horrible service at times. I feel like it's a hit and miss.
Had a great experience with Obed, no pressure no hassles, very professional
So-so food.  Maybe I didn't order their special...  I'll give them a try some other time.
Jim Kangas was very helpful along with the office staff. Highly recommend Service King.
Great food, service and atmosphere to enjoy a game!  Please open one in Pleasanton, CA:)
Cute little food truck with a cute little eating patio. Best sonoran hot dog EVER!!!
Friendly staff, fantastic food. Don't let the outside fool you - this place is great!
cute little house, yummy ice cream!  very nice owner :)
Dr Randall is a nice Dr, friendly staff, helpful office with great results.
Outstanding service. Wonderful colors. Lynn is amazing. I will not be going anywhere else!
This place says they have the best orange chicken. First bite was amazing! I must agree with them.
Excellent service, excellent food. Amazing and innovative.  How has Food network missed these guys?
Their Won-Ton Soup is delicious. Only complaint is that it is lukewarm most of the time.
Great service and the team is very efficient. Not your usual laundry delivery service. (Better).
The food taste generic and our server was kind of rude. The salsa was a joke. Not going back.
Worth the hype! Milkshakes were top notch and the cookies were surprisingly great as well.
Yes its hyped. Yes its good.   Gorgeous people place.
A must have authentic NY pizza.  I love it and eat there all the time (when not on diet).
Tastes very good, and is also very fresh and light. Amazing service and the staff is so nice.
Like taking a bite out of a most perfectly sweetened cloud!
Great place it was our first time and ill definitely come back. Our server andres was fantastic
Fast friendly service . I had the mini volcano . Absolutely delicious . Highly recommend a visit !
Had a great time. Loved this limo service and the price was great. Highly recommended.
Absolutely stellar birthday meal from start to finish. Must try the Canadian Absinthe experience.
Best capoeira teacher in town!  Palha ada is so good with children. Very generous teacher.
Totally excellent food, fun experience and good for families and lovers alike!  Try the mojo broth!
Pharmacists are always helpful, professional & knowledgeable. Very caring to my mom. Thank you.
good concerts, rock and roll baby! Easy to find seats here and lots of beer and restrooms.
Great selection of Products and had a great experience getting a pedicure and manicure
Friendly staff.. great selection of albums.. drop by for a coffee.. you won't be disappointed!
Awesome margaritas. Awesome food. Great service. Make a reservation.
Surprisingly great food in a mellow and cool setting.  Try the vegetable spring rolls.
This was absolutely amazing! I love good Korean BBQ, and this definitely surpassed my expectations!
Great food, gray ambience, Gabe took good care of me
Oh my godddddd You have to eat at this here restaurant. We had lobster nachos the bombbbbbb
Pho done right in this joint people. Don't really like much else on the menu at this locale.
Annette Prewitt is great.  She's organized, on top of our request and very pleasant
Best pizza and wings in Henderson
Yummy salsa and chips. There was only one waitress in the Restaurant but she did really well.
Wow. Great cocktails, wonderful waitstaff. Veal chop on point. Solid bistro. I'll be back.
What a pleasant surprise A true diamond in the rough for wholesome, authentic Mexican food.
Stopped in on a busy Saturday and they took great care of us!  I would highly recommend them.
Adorable shop with great drinks and seating! Great location across from the movie theater.
Decent coffee and free wifi. Staff seems uninterested in working there.
Amazing food options and everything is without onion and garlic. Great option for Jain food lovers
Sunny, I would say if you price your items right, you might get more plus returning customers.
Excellent service and absolutely a great Peruvian food experience. Chef Rudy Ramos from Miami
Food was fresh and tasty  We ordered on line and pick up time  was as promised We will return!
Been here 4 times in a week. I think thats all I need to say.
Definitely not the fastest or best service I've gotten at a USPS location, but it is convenient.
The best latte in the area.   I've had them all and I go to Sorry twice a week without hesitation
This place rocks.  Ann was very friendly and gave us great service. The food was outstanding.
Nice neighbourhood branch. Also, easy access to printing for 15 cents a page.
Honestly my favorite restaurant in Madison, anything you order here is going to be great.
GREAT pizza!! Nice beer selection too. Also got a meatball sub. Found my new pizza joint!!
Awesome malts, shoestring french fries and burgers. Have to make a pilgrimage whenever I'm in town.
I had the bacon eggs breakfast with sourdough toast.  Every time the food and the staff are awesome!
Kids loved this place.  Homemade ice cream was excellent!  A little pricey but to be expected.
The turkey club wrap was really good.  Made fresh
Good food and the people are great. This place is a winner!
White chocolate macadamia nut pancakes, adobo rice omelette...they got some good stuff here. =)
When bubble tea ain't doing it. This place hits the spot. That's all I have to say #hangrymann
I love the wings. But...$20.00 for two people, really! The service is SLOW.
Prime is really awesome!! He's the only person I've went to and really amazing work! Check him out.
best tacos i've ever had. not hyperbole. and for $2.50 each seems too good to be true.
Food was okay. Ordered togo so it's not so ideal. Sauce for pork patty spring roll need work
food was ok, not great. ambiance was directed towards older clients. cocktails boring.
 
Best Chinese in Stow, if they say 25 minute's sometimes it's an hour. Friday nights are always busy!
Excellent experience with Deseret Marketing. Looking forward to our business relationship.
Takeout.  Dinner.  Good. Sliced beef dinner with salad and slice of pie.
Tres cozy and belle place, prix elev  mais normal dans le quartier touristique. Bon service.
Food was excellent.   Resturant was little small. Very tight seating. Overall good experience.
Excellent waxing service! And beautiful salon! Wish I lived here and I would come back often!
Great food, incredible prices...what's not to like?  Spicy basil pork is my choice here.
best seafood in the area, fast friendly service but stick to seafood steak a little chewy
Excellent Pho, noodles were perfectly cooked and broth was tasty. Small place, but fast service.
Good place, yummy crepes but the place is too small and closing early.
Just horrible over price drinks rude employees other than chicken wings they got no food.
I love this place and the staff... always my go to when I'm working . MAX is the man!
Nice non-buffet breakfast. Feels like a fancy cheese cake factory. Generous servings.
Wow is I can say great wings and pitchers great price will be back absolutely recommed
I don't even remember what I had here. I just remember the view.
Nice atmosphere, food was alright, and very good prices.
The food is okay. The ladies that work here have an attitude. Otherwise, the place is alright.
Good quality and reasonable price. Delightful service. Wasn't too crowded on a Monday evening.
Good spot for lunch and very affordable.  Pho broth is almost as good as my mom's broth.
Good AYCE. No complaints nice variety of items on the menu.
A bunch of Rip-off artists!  Classic example of a car dealership with absolutely no integrity.
Great food, good deals, amazing beer. Be sure to come early on trivia nights (Tu, Sa, Su)
No frills great perch meal on Friday nights until 8pm.
Great selection.  Quality is avg, but certain dishes are good.  Unlimited snow crabs.
Get the fundito
Love the staff at this location. Great pastries and sandwiches, and super reasonable prices!
False advertisement. Was told she does not travel to a central location on the map on her website.
Try the grilled platter and spicy sausage you well not be disappointed!
Good place for breakfast in Phoenix.  Had the Linguica & Eggs.  Big portion, should have shared.
Good food and a fun place.  Went for lunch with some work friends and I will be back.
This is probably my favorite pizza place the  friendly people I'll gyro friendly staff amazing
Loved Eat Well. Super yummy hand crafted healthy food. Will eat there often!
Nice little locally owed shop with helpful folks.
Jessie & Kyle were very personable. Job was great. Men in Kilts does a great job every time.
Amazing bagels and a great staff. I always get the build your bagel sandwich it's heaven!
Very fresh, great menu selection and variety. A little pricey but worth it. Good customer service.
Best nails ever! Went with my partner and we enjoyed our mani/pedis.
My favorite restaurant in Vegas! Great nachos and lettuce wraps!
Bbq was ok, I've had better in Pittsburgh. Drinks and meals were way over-priced.  Won't go back.
Their chocolate macaron vanilla ice cream sandwich is to die for *_*
First stop after we landed at airport. Delicious sandwiches. Very nice staff. Enjoyed the setting.
Best airport ever, but I practically live here, since I'm always flying so I'm bias.
The pho here is water down.  It's not as good as places I been to in Northern California.
Not bad-not extremely good either. Had regular dim sum foods there, nothing very special.
Loved the food and the patio! Friendly staff and good overall vibes. Will definitely go again.
They portion size was very little the food wasnt that good and the lady was kind of rude.
HUGE portions of food & fun service! Great hole in the wall hang out to mix & mingle.
Good place nice vibes food is great . DJ was our service that provided excellent service
Was just OK.  Not terribly authentic. Pork taco was good.  Chicken enchilada was passable but dull.
Favourite restaurant in Toronto hands down. Amazing service and incredible food. Recommend highly!!
This place is awesome the staff is super sweet and the wax they use is the best
Dr. Conklin is an amazing surgeon, physician and person. Highly recommend him!
Meh.  Big portions but my sushi was flavorless.  Waiter wasn't very good.  Probably won't go back.
Ils ont mis du ma s dans mon risotto... Le service  tait long. La clim trop forte. Je suis d ue.
Office staff took me for my bday here.  My first time and didnt disappoint.  Love it!
Always a great meal, tomato moz sandwich amazing, focia pizza amazing
Delicious food! Great customer service. Will be visiting again. Very reasonably priced. Glad I came.
Target is cool man.
Bland food, rude servers, and I was overcharged on my debit card. I will not be returning.
Pleasant surprise. Had a coupon and came by. Nice drinks and appetizers, pretty space
Now that's a heavy pour! Food is great and the service is wonderful! Matthew is really friendly.
My new fav. spot on the way out of Vegas.  Hello crab legs! Beer. Mimosas. and FLAN!
He's a good, knowledgeable dentist . His staff is very nice and helpful with questions.
Always a great selection of soups to choose from. Can never go wrong with the Chicken Pot Pie.
Same review:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/excalibur-las-vegas#hrid:EbB0EKtVh33AWJRNqhIJ4Q
SO MUCH FUN! Gia is fantastic. Upbeat and a** busting!
Fabulous food and super nice employees! Love love love!!! (This location is the BEST!)
Excellent resto. Belles assiettes. Service impeccable.
Really good!  Came from LA for the weekend and loved the food here... Recommend the burger
The food Sushi was good and the service was great.
Excellent food....the Torts was delicious, service was excellent and we love this place!  .
Really good food, location isn't the best. Semi permanent food truck that stays open until midnight.
Great time and good music.  Food the best ever.  Rib eye steak wowwwww. You must must go....
Thai chicken flat bread was amazing, customer service was awesome, cool interior. Loved it
Terrible service! Waited 15 min just for water. Food was mediocre at best. Never coming back
I do not recommend Dr. Sunar. Look up his credentials.
The food is delicious. Ali the bartender is awesome. It's just a little pricey for Fairport.
What a wonderful space! Right on the water...makes you wish you were in college again!
Wonderful service by Johnny and Colton installing our shutters. Very professional and polite!
Quick and affordable service!! Bill was very nice and came over same day! We feel much safer now!
Me and my son love this place staff so nice the pizza omg it was delicious and perfect size.
Great atmosphere, food portion was average, service was good.  Would recommend for dinner / drinks.
Every part of my experience was awful.  Food was terrible and I'm not one to usually complain
Happy that Squeeze In is in Las Vegas. Best breakfast in Vegas. Cool atmosphere and friendly staff!
Bland, bland, bland. There is no flavor to be found here - just passable service. Keep walking.
The wings had no flavor tried the bbq honey and jerk wings! Took them back! Price 14.99!
The food is nasty. Stay away. Over priced and the food is simply nasty.
Service and meal were great. Good amount and fairly priced. Personnel friendly and attentive
Wesley was amazing! Great customer service received from him  Will definitely be back
the worst hot pot place... seafood and meat  was not fresh at all... too expensive for such quality
Very helpful and courteous staff. The process is fast and the price is right!
Weekly stop for me. I'm new to Pittsburgh and love a big sandwich. The chili is really good.
Dinner was excellent. Service was great as well and Allison at the host stand was super friendly.
nice buffet - with good options for vegeterians
Best movers ever. Very careful with antiques and very trustworthy. I would use them every time.
Veggies rotten and smelly. 2.95 for diner/gas station coffee.   Waitress was pleasant though.
Legit authentic Indian food that stays true to their word and menu. The staff is wonderful as well!
Excellent food. Good presentation. Good prices & custome services.  Recommend this place.
Nice place!? I was pleasantly surprised how many men bought me drinks.
Awesome food, great service, kid friendly and cold drinks.  Perfect neighborhood hangout.
Dogs are no longer allowed in Home Depots.  Sad face.
Typical mall with typical stores (ex. Macy's, JCP, AE, etc).  It was a decent size though.
Straight up delicious fried chicken for totally fair prices. What more can you ask for?
It reminds me of cheesecake  factory. Good reasonably priced dinner. Great atmosphere for dating.
Lemon ricotta cookies are amazing. Will be back again to try the food and coffee! Fast service.
Disgusting ass mexican't Burger king! uuhgg so gross!
a great store for teachers. lots of discounts, teaching aids and very inexpensive laminating.
This place is a good reason to skip subway for lunch and grab a quick sandwich from an actual deli.
Awesome selection, knowledgeable staff.  This is my go to for anything fresh or salt water!
Best service around!  Friendly staff and food is always fresh. Great theme nights for kids.
The best in Champaign-Urbana easily!
All dishes are absolutely delicious. Most memorably, try the coconut tapioca dessert. Fantastic!
Good food for a reasonable price. Note cash only place.  Would definitely go back if on the area.
Such delicious ice cream! Creamy, sweet, and great unique flavors. Great place to grab dessert.
Great hookah! Awesome service! Alice gave us great service! We will come again next time in Vegas!!
Been here twice and will continue to come back every time I go Im in Vegas. Great food great service
Love this place so much! The food is authentic and the staff is so friendly!  Such a hidden gem
Great food. Awesome happy hour. A little loud... But love it!
whole family got food poisoning. father snd husband were vomitting, i was in the bed the entire day
Best late night pizza on Carson! Drunk eats can't be beat, and the staff was really cool as well.
Excellent pizza. Friendly employees. Nice decor. Great delivery too if you're in their area.
Excellent almond croissants!  Waiter was attentive and professional.
Will made by buying experience very pleasurable. I can say that this time was very easy experience.
You need to go here and get these donuts. Incredible. I love the London Fog & buttered toast. MMMMM.
Incredible! So thankful this place is here in Peoria. It is so desperately needed and I love it.
Great place to take your family for breakfast. Wait staff is so nice and they know us.
Horrible!! 2 hours in queue
This wonderful place did go out of business. When it was open it deserved 5 stars.
Katie is amazing did so great with my nails. 3 stars bc of such a long wait but overall great!
Best burger I've ever had in my life! Practically a religious experience. Friendly service too.
paige rocks!
Huge portions, incredibly friendly and fast service. The food was delicious!
My waiter was stoned (slow gait, slanty eyes, forgot an item I ordered).  Food was not spectacular.
Nice local salon great service!
Your typical local McDonald's with a play place. Great morning staff. Everyone is nice.
Bachelorette party got started with free margs. Jovany was a great and accommodating server!
I have ordered both take out and dined in, never any issues and always yummy! Cream cheese wontons
Worst Keg.  Tried many times always slow service, poor food quality and very noisy.
 Las Vegas  
Music was so LOUD, could not hear server and she could not hear us. Will ne  ver go there again.
lasagna is the best thing on the menu, have had it like 5 times   huge wine glasses
Good upscale Mexican with good service. This is a Normal Weekend Restaurant for my family .
It's a nice cozy and classy restaurant. Good food but a little pricy.
Love, love, love this place!    Perfect for groups!  I bring participants here after seminars.
Amazing food. Good for pick up. I wish they had delivery options. The crowd is all Indo Chinese.
Food is always good. Service was slow today. Not up to normal standard. Asian Nachos are the bomb.
We were assured they would be open till 7 and they were closed at 5:30. Messed up our plans.
Best meal of my life.  Highly recommend meatball appetizer and dear goodness those garlic rolls!
Tried this place a few times and it is a good pho place for the Danforth.  I like their banh mi too.
Great sides buffet "ALL YOU CAN EAT"!! My fav top sirloin! Staff was wonderful! Food was great!
:o) Great shoe selection. Covered parking. Clean.  ;o(  Overpriced clothing. Erratic service.
Great place, new owners are fabulous. Service is great and shaved yoghurt is wonderful
Food was really fantastic. I will definitely revisit this place!
Great food, price & service! Thanks Eugene & the rest of the crew for taking care of us.
Great food! Love this place. Best Chicken and chips I've had. Super friendly people as well.
Loved the service and bartenders! !! Fantastic seafood dinner and the whiskey selection is dynamite
Great job on nails but New York prices! Will stick with Victoria Nails.
Just average.  $14 for a chicken skewer plate and iced tea.  Nothing to write home about.
Giving this place 5 stars for its non-dairy options which I don't see at many places!
This place is a true oasis in over priced Las Vegas.    Amazing Sushi.
I drive all the way from Tucson just to get laser-ed by Kristen. She is amazing!!
Great selection, a Tempe favorite, and friendly and helpful staff.
I found a giant cockroach in the shower.   NEVER. AGAIN.
Great for lunch/brunch!  Great service and coffee
Amazing lunch near the zoo! Have been taking the kids for years, every time we visit Madison.
Had lunch here today, loved the place and the people. This is a hidden gem! Will be back often!
Such great flavors in the Bao. Short rib rice is great too
Love this restaurant! Great margaritas, great service, and great tacos. Love the street tacos.
This place is awesome!  Try the meatball appetizer but save room for the best wood-oven pizza in AZ!
Pretty groovy. Had me moved out of my house in 1 hour and 45 minutes and it was so easy.
Nice place with a friendly staff and great yogurt choices and a huge selection of toppings
I have emailed my info that you asked for I'm just waiting for a response.Thanks Jason
Ordered delivery of A smoothie and a flatbread.. I live 3 miles away. Going on an hour wait
Jon McFerrin is amazing! Fun to talk to and my haircut was absolutely perfect.
We LOVE Elly's!!!!! Their skillet breakfasts are fantastic and the staff are super personable!
Thought the burgers were great. Cheesy tots yummy. Service were fine. Reasonably priced.
Good food, very friendly, very close to the house.  Enjoyed the atmosphere and conversation :)
Orange chicken and lettuce wrap are really good! Try them, you won't regret it.
Most delightful place. Courteous staff and impeccable tasting food. Visit them, you won't regret it.
Waiters were snoby, prices were steep, servings were tiny and the food was inedible.
Delicious southern food. Great service and atmosphere. Enjoy the bread pudding for dessert. A+
The environment and coffee is good, but their internet is on the slow side for any serious work.
Absolutely love our sushi we got.  Senorita roll.  Definitely check them out so yummy
Great place to watch sports, the food and service is excellent.
Jason made my day! Discount. Better bag. Very helpful and attentive!
Nice little breakfast place. My only gripes have to do with the laws of Arizona regarding dogs.
Nice HomeGoods location that's clean and organized with friendly and efficient staff.
They kept the neat coming! Loved everything about this place! The salad bar is amazing!
One of the better spots at Cosmo. Nothing fancy but a nice twist on old classics done right.
The food was nothing special. The pancake and eggs I had made me wish I just made it at home.
Best homestyle pancakes in Madison without a doubt. Gets crowded fast on weekend mornings.
Was great food and awesome service .. they even have a small Vegan menu. Great food !!!!
Amazing job to Luiz and his team. So happy with the carpet all fresh and clean !!!! ;-)
Thanks for sharing your comments everyone... really wanted to try this restaurant! But moving on.
My new go to salon. Shaya is amazing!!! I couldn't not be happier I found this salon.
Show was so funny. Both my husband and I laughed so much. So sorry seeing. Loved th3 cast
Still good tho it may need more improvement in time but still good food and alright services.
Fantastic wings, open late with food service, awesome service and great sports team support.
Best pizza in Avon/Avon Lake hands down. Very kind staff as well.
Worst ted baker shopping experience ever, there's a sales guy with weird hair, he is super rude!
Great time.  Very Friendly  Food cooked to order. Amazing Fish Tacos
food is delicious.  service sucks.  trendy atmosphere.  a little pricey.
Good quick bite to eat. Open 24 hours.
Good strong coffee just the way I like! Good prices and cool vibe and friendly service
Trisha is amazing. Super fast, really nice, very talented and really creative. Love this place.
Like all the reviews state, if you want a quick response and professional service this is the place.
Feels like home. Excellent food and personalized service. A must have in Vegas. LAMI KAAYO!!!
Awesome burger, not dry, moist and oh so good!!!! Garlic fries oh so yummy. Thoroughly recommend
It's the original Aurelio's recipe from Homewood being served in the valley.  Awesome pizza.
This isn't your ordinary ice cream shop.  Come prepared to try something new.  Just go.
They have the best gluten free pizza that I have tasted. The service is excellent.
The best customer service and quality printing. Highly recommended!
Good Desi food with good service. Also like the prices. Highly recommend if you are in the area
for late night food their carne asada fries are bomb! Their horchata is pretty good too!
As usual last place I hate to spend money. No service or help like all the other dicks.
Pet friendly patio! Food and service was good! Does not accept plastic cash and check only!
Had the fried clams. They were fantastic! A bit pricey, but then again your having clams in AZ.
Staff was friendly and welcoming! Poki bowl was delicious. I highly recommend this place.
Omg the food was amazing so fresh and clean . Words can't describe the food so yummy .
Great food and service..Tremendous amount of food choices.....Salad bar always fresh and clean.
I prefer the Sunday brunch due to  the upgraded options. Good service for a casino buffet
Yassssssssss, dogs for days. Well-maintained and popular run, with plenty of space for humans too.
Good NYS pizza spot. No seating. Big slices. Simple and good. In my top 10 for sure.
I like everything about this place. Food, decor, people. It was a very nice experience.
Love their cheese crisps. Started coming here regularity when Los Compadres started going down hill.
If you are a Costco member, this is a no brainer! There is always a line, but it goes quickly.
I love coming to the Duke of Kent. The food and service is always good.
Love it sooooo good! The chicken shawarma is amazing and the rice pudding is the best I've ever had
I am still going to Clair and feel better than I have in years, I have up my chiropractor.
Good value for what they offer.  The gelato is just ice cream.  A gelato should be creamier.
This place is good for drinks & small plates.. later night talk to friends ..meet up etc.
It's a bank with a drive up ATM - what more can I say?  Dark parking lot with a few lights..
I love this Dairy Queen! The staff is always respectful and quick! Michael is especially awesome!
This is the best ice cream! Fresh, creamy, and fun to watch it being made right in front of you!
One of my absolut favorites for lunch - sit outside and enjoy an extraordinary cocktail:)
the best croissants! the lavender macaron is good too.i was hesitant to try at 1st but it was good!
Clean and tasty. I love the hook & ladder light. My husband loves the meatball. No complaints here.
If you like Mexican food this is the place. inexpensive too.
The people were nice the one time I was in town and the prices were very good too.
Great service, using Brad for scorpion control.  He is a very friendly man.
Love this place! Hip vibe, great food and a happy hour too!
The lady that did my pedicure was miserable, pedicure lasted 20 minutes, won't be returning!
Ok good Nothing special Very loud. Music is not conducive to having since, quiet meal
Great for airport food, but not quite up to the regular Lo-lo's standard.
This is the my favorite Hawaiian restaurant.  Especially Saimin Soup, no place can beat this place.
I love the decor - very beautiful restaurant, and the food is great. My favorite is the duck taco.
love the mango habanero sauce. they recently upped their blazin sauce, a must try!
~The Seaweed Salad..Yum! always a great atmosphere and good food...  really awesome happy hour
Highly recommend! Jennifer Bailey and Rhonda took excellent care of me.
Great buffet! I would recommend this place! Lots of different options and an easy dining experience.
N
My favorite pizza place...never had a bad meal here. The salads are fabulous as well.
Good food. Been here once and had the buffet. It was good food in less price.  Great for students.
Unique menu options and convenient downtown location. I would definitely go back for more!
Love the conveyor belt style  You get to try a little of everything  Lava roll, wild tiger, yummm
The staff at Guitarworks are the Jedi knights of vintage tone, and Reed Shimozawa is the Yoda,
Never got in the building as the parking attendent gave us a hard time
Great attorney !!  Answered all my questions.    I would hire her again and refer her  to anyone !
Reliable, honest. Great job - dryer works great. Will use him again. Highly recommend.
fungi burger is to die for. captain crunch shake is a must!!!!!!! i love the ahi tuna too
First time going here...I love it!!! They have Reverse Happy Hour!!!! I'd go back again!!! =)
The best, most spicy Mongolian beef I can get in North Las Vegas. I love this place!
Straight up Original Hot is hands down SO. DAMN. GOOD. Service is pretty quick and food is great.
Best wings in town. Good pub atmosphere.
They ran out of cobbler.  Gee dang it, that cobbler looked good.
My wife went here for haircut and she liked it. It is nice and cozy place.
Had an annual pass when tot was 2-3 years old: it was great place to go, especially in summer
Had a wonderful time here this past weekend, friendly staff, nice rooms, and clean facility!
Great quality tasting Thai food.  Quick service.  This place will be a go to for sure!
Check out their fantastic mango salad. We stopped in for some Pho. Everything was great.
Amazing tapas. Be sure to try their bacon baked brie!
Love this place. Food is yummy and service is excellent! The albacore tuna sandwich was delicious.
Pretty good, fairly authentic food. Not the best I've had, but decent. Service: average.
I'll drive from NO. Cali to AZ just for these donuts!
The bean and cheese burritos are made of crack.   I guess I like crack.
Not a good dealership and I won't buy cars there even there the last honda dealer in Las Vegas
Yelp says they open at noon but they don't open until 3pm.  Went for lunch and they were closed.
House-made Almond milk. Fantastic. One of the best and most unique almond milk lattes I've had.
Its ok, I think there are better Italian..If you go, seat outside looking at stip
It was clean, easy, fast and great customer service! I would highly recommend going there!
I love the Spanish quesadilla and the steaks are amazing. Make sure you order a steak here!
Go to place on the strip, amazing food, amazing service. Must have: Hakka fried rice pot!!!
Our fav sushi joint in las Vegas. The soft shell salad and the naked Twinkie roll are the best.
Great service and location.  Food was ok nothing great. We all ordered the Sunday Brunch.
As always the pizza is awesome.  Chicken cesare salad can't be beat.  Good draft selection.
The primanti sandwiches are different, but they are not as flavorful as I would have liked.
Bun Bo Hue was really good and oddly their Korean ribs were amazing.  You wouldn't regret it!
Dr. Docasar is the best, she takes the time to explain all the options and answer your questions.
good service, friendly staff, nice looking dental office.
Best Mexican food in Charlotte! Always so fresh! Love the outdoor seating & patio bar.
Stopped by with the kids one Friday night. Loved the ambiance, custard was just average.
Tina and Dina are the best! Thank you for being the awesome women that you are. Outstanding service.
Standard pub fare that is way overpriced.  spent $29 for a salad & a sandwich.
Havent had a hotdog that good in Awhile A++ and the service was so polite and accommodating
The food is pretty good & the pricing is fair. The wait staff was pretty prompt.
My girlfriend came home extremely upset over her experience here. Very poor customer service.
I'd come back just for the bar and their complimentary various styles of bread
Food is great. Nachos are even better. Solid atmosphere for 20 somethings or 20-somethings at heart.
Good food and good selection of spicy and non-spicy dishes. The service is horrid, rude staff!!
Not impressed. Service 0. Food bland ( ordered the bibimbap in a stone pot). Would not go back
Great place to grab something good when you're on the go!! Love the shrimp tacos!
this taco bell on a daily basis forgets full order,slow service,sticky floors,not my favorite.
Had a good time at the pub.  Bar tinder was very friendly and helpful.  Beer was a decent price
Great food quality and services. The staff are attentive and the dish presentation are beautiful.
Just can stay away. This place doesn't help my diet.
Perfect meal. Great service.  Excellent Ribs. And soo pleased with the cornbread muffin!
Chelsea was awsom and food was outstanding. Only issue was she routes for the wrong soccer team
Very nice kbbq spot. Quality meat. Very fast service. Totally worth the money. Very friendly staff.
Such a fun evening and a nice treat.  I love the comfy seats and attentive service.
Good bourbon choices and great burgers. Have to try the root beer wings! Great homemade pies.
convenient. Very nice staff. i'll miss Rebecca especially when the military relocates us:)
This was a fun fast experience ! Ronnie rocks! Personality and made me smile!!!! Go et your smog on!
I love, Love, LOVE this place. Good job to the Baker's Daughter!
One of my favorite TJ Maxx's in the Charlotte area. Great Homegood's, clean, and friendly staff!
Donna was amazing! Always there to help. Quick to come to service and a great attitude!
the soup was good but because of the language barrier it was hard to talk to the server.
Awesome curry and chili mint noodles. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat around town.
Awesome local Pittsburgh business.  Check out the Troika skateboard line that Commonwealth makes.
Teppanyaki at its most average. Good food. Understandable prices. You get what you expect.
Omg!!! The best Hawaiian around! Love the pork hash!!! I will be back many times for more!
Have at it if you are ready to have a heart attach. Very very very salty. Couldn't finish my meal...
Great stuff and great service. Salmon portion was a bit small to give 5 stars. Will def go back!
just not the same without leo the moustache man. my bacon was burnt and my eggs under cooked.
Over priced airport food. I had the sicilian pizza, it was a safe bet. Not so bad.
Great service; my glasses were never empty. The food, meh.
Super tasty BBQ. I'll def be returning. Delicious. Unpretentious and chill vibes. BBQ done right.
Beautiful location unfortunately: worst wine I have ever tried in my life. Not even tolerable.
Bootcamp killed me today but the smoothie I had after saved me!!! I love everything about this place
I ordered Country pad thai and green curry for delivered. .....food came on time and very delicious
Terrible service. Food was barely OK.
Compared to sushi in LA doesn't compare. But for Vegas I guess it's okay. service was good.
Very great service. I received a full set, pedicure and eye brow waxing. I'm a satisfied customer.
Always friendly and helpful. They are very efficient and professional with a smile. Kudos to them!
I really recommend the Alfredo with shrimp   very tasty. they even have cute waiters here :) lol
The sushi is fresh and delicious! Love the atmosphere and excellent customer service.
Good food, cheap.
Real focus on authenticity  Passion can be seen in the product   Price justifies quality  .
Dope local bar, good DJs, good vibe.
Food took to long , server went on a smoke break while serving us . This is ridiculous.
Great food! Love this place. Service is fantastic and restraunt is clean. Love coming here.
Oh my gawd! The Crab Benedict is tooooo die for!!  The food is fresh. Hot. Fast. Yummy!!
Great service....quick and easy!  Lady was extremely nice and helpful!  Self service 13 bucks =)
The Best Filibertos out there.  Check it out on wednesday for $1 bean burritos.
This place is heaven. The pho is really good for a cheap price and the service is 20/10.
rough, fairways, and greens plush and immaculate.    good speed on greens.
Its been here FOREVER - one reason why it is a local favorite. Come in and check it out!
Great breakfast !!!! Service was fast and friendly.  I highly recommend giving it a try.
Tastes like a frozen pizza. Salid was better but not great .
Always happy with the services. They are kind people with with a good eye for detail.
Great healthy  food. I usually go after my morning  workout.  Friendly staff , clean tables, TV
Japanese special is very tasty! Not overly sweet and crepe is soft and chewy! Good texture.
Where Nan and Byron's used to be.
:) it's my go to neighborhood bar and the billiard tables are free to play on sundays!
The tom yum soup was yummy.  Lots of selections.  My girlfriend referred this place.  Good find.
Loved everything I've tried there so far. I will continue to support this local business!
Nice food and beer selection.   Waitstaff is a little distracted at times but overall good food.
Food is delicious, staff are fun, great environment.  Not a fan of some of the long wait times.
Food was excellent. We had the Orange Duck and a Godzilla roll. Highly recommend!
Just love this place. Convenient, great yogurt/ice cream, & awesome choices for my kids!
Best place to get a mani/pedi in town! They are always fast and friendly and good on price!
This place is unorganized and Dr. Hamid is rude to his staff. The wait time is at least 2 hours.
decent pork chops and great tea, is what I had there recently.
Most expensive place in vegas. Could of gone to a 5 star buffet with 5 friends for half the price.
Had a great meal. Cute restaurant. Friendly server. Prices are reasonable. I'd definitely recommend.
Enjoyed Lobby's on a lazy Sunday afternoon. Great service, tastey burger.
The service is great!  The menu selection excellent! The food presentation and quality wonderful!
Back to being delicious! 5 stars I'm literally addicted to this place. You've created a monster lol
Love this place I go here all the time best prices great selection would  deff recommend
This place has really gone down hill. It looks as if they have not cleaned in months.
Stupid room service!! All I asked was cleaning and they act like they are the boss and do not care.
Coffee is so-so, but they have a wonderful bakery with really good treats!!
Wanted to treat the kids to ice cream. Was excited to try. Excitement didn't last. Won't be back
Whoa cowboy....a little pricey but it doesn't get much better.  They have a decent brewery as well.
Ozzy is perfection. Best server ive ever had. He gave me my first macaroon bless his soul.
Place is very busy and packed quickly.  Prices and quantity is better than the nearby Asian Legend.
They were smart and opened early for labor day weekend. 8am-3pm
Everything taste like soy sauce.... the soups and crab puff wontons are the only good thing.
I've gotten better haircuts here than at several mens salons that charge more.
My new favorite taco shop! Super tasty!! If you have an eaten here yet you must try it!
This place is slow and they don't listen and that worthless app uhg long lines at 4:00 am
It was a ok spot for BBQ in town, not the best but not too bad either.
The seabass was so delicious and the eggs Smothered in herbs yummmm ! Perfect lunch stop
Sucks! Didn't let us do real sake bombs, bad sushi, uneducated staff. Two thumbs down
Love it! Finally found a place that sells Sujuk :).
Awesome shakes with alcohol! Recommend the Grasshopper shake yum! Food is great service was awesome!
Best Hawaiian hands down with the friendliest staff. I come here at least once a week.
I had honey garlic chicken. Good flavor and inexpensive.
I know what yall are thinking. Starbucks? Revoke her Portland, OR card!!!
Great sandwiches! My usual stop for lunch on the way to Toronto
Best cupcakes in the city! The rum cake is out of this world and must a have. Outstanding service.
This place is AMAZING.  If you are from Southern California this place far beats Roscoes!
Drove by today and found it is now closed.  "Greek's Grill" is in its place.
Good selection of lenses, but what is bug me that prices not posted! Big selection of camera bags.
Great food,  even greater service !  LouAnn was outstanding!! I'm an eggworks junkie!!!
What a great find!! Great food- breakfast and lunch, and you must try the cold brew coffee!
Sandwich and soup were warm, fresh, & delicious. Latte could have had a little more flavour.
Fun atmosphere, very young crowd. Lunch items are nicely plated with decent sized portions.
Wonderfully fresh fish flown in Daily. Delicious flavors simple and lovely atmosphere.
Only 2 TSA people checking IDs and boarding passes for the entire general line? How stupid!
Good quality crispy chicken burger and fries. But get more side sauces to get full flavor.
Difficult location for a Target. Store is not well kept.
Be prepared to choose between nutella crepes, cookie butter french toast and spam scramble!
Love this place!!! They have a great gluten free menu that allows my kids to have a breakfast out.
I love the food here, although price seems slightly higher.
Way better then the sweet tooth fairy! Great service and great staff!!! Best cupcakes in AZ!!!!!
Sunday brunch was amazing. Great price, great product, limited but good menu, and very good service.
love this place, doughnuts are the freshest and yummiest, the coffee is great too!
Good customer service, quick food for lunch, a large selection of wines. Overpriced pasta.
The legends are true! This place is awesome! Long wait for a table on the weekends, though.
Good food, good beer, awesome atmosphere. We really enjoyed this micro brewery. Try it!
haha.. funny thing its the hospital cafeteria... they have a good grill... eat there every day!!
Cheap and good food! They need to come to ASU more often.
Great place to take anyone especially kids um and also delivery is incredible highly recommended
This is a lovely family run meetup place. I commonly go here after school to enjoy a cup of coffee.
Delicious flavors. Friendly staff. The decor was super cute and I'll be going back soon!
Nice place.. Good steak , worth a repeat......
This place was fun.   We picked a combo for 3. Meat was of good quality. Service was very friendly.
Love the lamp giro! World class tasting!
Great staff, tasty doughnuts - especially the lemon meringue pie.
Great sushi buffet....  they have a little bit of everything and staff was attentative.
Love buying things from here to bring home. Everyone appreciates it no matter what it is.
The most amazing Maple Bars! I don't eat donuts very often but when I do this place is amazing!!
Ive been going here since they opened and always got my monies worth.
Nice spot
Mystery Theater was cute and funny. Food was aweful and very bland.
Crepes were so amazing...art on the wall...the owner was so nice...we will definitely be b
Love this place, food is amazing but since they stared charging extra for 2 chips not happy.
Excellent service. Friendly people. They have dance floor wax.
Fried chicken to die for. Kayla waited on us which was just a treat she's absolutely amazing
This used to be favorite bar in Vegas! Why did you stop being a Redskins bar?!
Staff can be pushy, but I guess they are just trying to make money. Can't blame them.
Best sushi in Calgary. Not inexpensive, but worth it. Everything on menu is fresh and well prepared!
Yummy food, friendly service,  super chill ambiance,  & tasty hookah! :) AND late nite hours!!
Great bar and night club atmosphere. It's very busy here. The outdoor patio is awsome.
This is a great place to watch sports at with reasonable prices and good food and drinks!
Service is ridiculously bad.  Got here at 6:57pm and didn't even get a menu until 7:17pm.
Good food and service! Next best thing to being in the islands I guess. Better the nothing at all.
Absolutely love this place! Great food, excellent service and a wonderful experience, every time.
Quick service.  They know what they're doing.  Can't complain about good business.
Nothing fancy; large portions, inexpensive, and good stuff!
Teres has great customer service all around. Always impressed with the work they do!
Beautiful new location and the usual good food.  Service was the absolute worst...shame on Nora's.
Very nice location. Clay was very helpful and answered all of my questions. I will be back for sure.
They were very helpful and friendly. The sales person had son great ideas helping pick out shirts.
today there wasn't many people there, yet the service was really slow :(  like really really slow :(
Quick, friendly service.  DELICIOUS burgers.  Yummy ranch.  Worth the drive from downtown for lunch.
We had their walk in pizza and we both didn't like it.  They were cheap on the ingredients.
A really cool spot to hang and have kaffee :)
Decent Thai food. I really like the Larb but I felt like the entrees were somewhat small portions.
Love the food! Lunch specials are awesome. Bartenders are amazing and super attentive!
Good burgers, nice patio for enjoying the Toronto views. Beer is expensive. What can you do
Typical uptown restaurant.  Way overpriced for what you get.  Exceedingly average. Not worth it.
iced coffee = hot brewed coffee + milk + ice cubes(you need to ask them to give you some)
The food is great n the people are friendly... A little pricy tho but will deff go back!!=]
Good cheap and consistent. That's all i need in an Italian resto and this place delivers all three.
All around amazing! I had a pedicure, full set and eyebrows done. I would defiantly come back!
Not impressed.  The service wasn't that great and my tacos were very greasy.
Decent food at a decent price. The margaritas were pretty good too! The wait wasn't too bad.
Food was terrible , very syrupy . No flavor in noodles . General Sto's was artificial DO NOT GO HERE
Still love this place!! Awesome staff and food. Come early as this place is always full for lunch.
Great service!!! Fresh fresh fresh!!!!! Moved here from redondo beach, ca and FINALLY found this!!!!
Awesome food...loved chicken  Briyani, dessert we have buffet. Will definitely try from menu soon
I have been informed that Angelo has not passed away.  My apologies for any inconvenience.
I work at an all you can eat sushi place. I go here when I want the good stuff.
Excellent food. Clean, friendly and very authentic tasting. As I fellow Mexican, I approve.
Excellent place for a nice dinner, A classy place to bring friends for cocktails and food
Bought my car here 4 years ago, came in for service, Kyle was great to deal with.
Delicious soup , drinks customer service is the best :)
Amazing selections,prices and high quality! The best place for clothes and baby gear!
Absolutely love the Croque Madame and macaroons ! Such a great place and the associates are so nice!
We loved our server, Daphne! Happy campers over here. Great, quirky, original establishment.
Awful service... food is just ok. Not worth standing in line... Plus they only take cash...
Customer service was amazing...especially Phil, their asst. manager!
Love this store for my kids shoes! Best customer service
Where is everybody?  This place is the deal!  Order the duck pad Thai!  You are welcome!
Love this local spot! Food is fantastic. Get the sloppy Joe fries - you will not be disappointed!
Best snow-cones.  All in the texture.  Price is really good compared to others also.
Good food and nice place for lunch. Had the "devils" cheese steak and it was good!
Awful customer service. Go to Pier 1 next door for better service and nicer quality items.
Wait is a little long,  but the food is worth it.  Spicy Satay soup is the best. Great for hangovers
Great local watering hole....guranteed to run into someone from the past
No peanut butter anything today :( 16 bucks for 4 cupcakes also a :( but that was expected
Killer corned beef! Great beverage selection. A place that truly celebrates Cleveland.
Love the garlic bread and rigatoni special! The lasagna was decent but a little bland. Big portions.
Typical yinzer pizza. Bland cheese, cardboard crust, and ragu. Save yourself the trouble
Great work, good customer service & fair prices. I will be back.
I like this location . Nice staff and fast services. I always come here to send money. Thanks staff.
First time. Falafel is gross! Baklava is way too buttery, won't be going back. Not recommended.
Delicious food (I recommend the Chang Mai noodles) and the friendliest staff. Huge portions too!
Les pizzas sont vraiment mauvaises, tr s grasses et sans gout.
Bad food, really bad service! I cannot recall a time when I actually felt unwelcome at a restaurant.
Great ph  and even better appetizers! It's not close to me, but it's worth the occasional drive!
Good Food, good service. Pretty consistent every time I visit. Try the twisted oysters! So good!
Yum good food here . I loved the place , nice clean and welcoming ! Will be coming back for sure.
Staff always friendly and food alway great! I always build with chicken and artichoke
Great dining experience. I brought my out of town friends and they loved it. Highly recommended!
Good service, excellent team, treated me appropriately and got me food to me in excellent time!
Lugar para ir con amigos y probar los shots.  Muy buenos platos tradicionales y cerveza.
Clean and spacious shop with nice and cool AC.  Plenty of spa pedi chairs for $25.
I can't get enough sun devil chicken... it's fantastic.  Lunch special is reasonably priced.
They are very good, probably one of the best I've had in town. My favorite is the hot rocks massage
My favourite sushi restaurant in Calgary.  I would highly recommend Roku.  Authentic and delicious.
Great service from Lee McClennin our serverlast evening.  Drinks and food are just okay.
Ordered some nachos. The meat tasted weird and the nachos had no flavor. Kinda disappointed!
big portion with low price. I enjoy the food here and its dine-in is open 24 hours!
High quality and consistent food. Good ambiance. Very tasty authentic south indian food
Amazing BBQ!! Al a carte menu. The brisket was so delicious. Staff was super friendly too.
Best burgers in town, definitely worth the wait (they're super busy around dinnertime)!
Great selection of tea, great price, and lovely people! I will definitely be coming back!
Great service and good food.. best steak tartar here.. 45 dollar three course meal is a steal
Great Chocolate, great fondue. Fantastic experience there. I had so much fun. Thank you.
Nice decor and great service. Authentic Latin American food with a unique touch to it.
It's pretty much a hit or miss. Bipolar nail tech can be nasty or nice. I won't be going back.
Great service! santa and Mrs clause were awesome at the party. Kids loved it so did parents!
Food is just amazing. Service is just great. Very busy place. Need reservations.
Always good food and great service. I truly appreciate having this place in Surprise.
Not a bad place for happy hours. Good price and good portion.  The service might be a hit or miss.
Good for a casual Friday night.  Staff is friendly, and service is adequate.
I can eat here everyday... Its so good! Try it and I promise you, you won't regret it.
Nice for a change.  Not many mushroom places around.  They have other types of food as well.
Excellent tacos and choices. Great prices. Great location. Speedy service. Friendly staff.
Good place to come, had the chicken pho service was good to. Also had the spring roll very good
Great selection of beer,live music every night, great jazz every Monday , christina makes the place!
Love this local brewery. They have a relaxed atmosphere and a wide variety of beers on tap.
I really like the carne asada here! Ambiance is fun and festive. Love the the beachy Baha feel!
Made my own spring rolls. The process was fun and the staff were super friendly and helpful.
Used to love in a Greek village in Florida, and honestly, as good as I've ever had. Maybe the best.
One server and a bunch of guests waiting everywhere. Not a convenient place for a quick lunch!
I am here to get hair extension for my upcoming event. Staffs are friendly and super helpful.
Food was very delicious and the owner is very friendly. Definitely try Harira, tagine and cuscous.
Escellent. Good food and wine priced decently for downtown Toronto
Well It's the strip ENOUGH SAID!
Really good fish tacos and ceviche was off the hook. Good atmosphere and very good service.
food is always wonderful, always great people working. Alt' N Bachs is simply the best!
Ordered the spinach salad.  It was served in a small paper bowl.  Looked like a kids salad.
Perfect establishment.  Food was great, service was amazing, will def come back here again.
Decent grocery store. Produce is good. Staff is very friendly at all times of the day.
they don't do Kimbap anymore. Just for grocery - it is not worthy it.
Best espresso in Toronto! A tall step above the typical starbucks/second cup.
DOLLAR CAR RENTAL IS HORRIBLE.... https://www.consumeraffairs.com/travel/dollar.htm
Great service and great food!!! Really energetic, the whole vibe of the restaurant is really nice!
Excellent food and great service. We go here all the time at and work and no complaints at all
Honest and friendly people! Fair prices. Highly recommended
Had Pleasentful experience . Staff was really friendly . Chapel itself is nice.
Amazing place.  My nails and pedicure always turn out amazing. Vu and Hannah are GREAT!!
This was one of my faves once, but slipped a tad. Still good, but not quite like it was
Best spot to get my expensive watches battery replaced... if i didnt want to go the strip.
Anything you order, it takes 35 minutes...if you really want to waste your time. Stop by
The food is good and fresh, but I left hungry and it its WAY over priced. Won't be going back...
Truly amazing tacos! I come here to get my fix of carnitas tacos. Pure perfection everytime
Great service. Very good Sushi! The food is truly authentic. The Price is good too. I will be back!
Tried the one in Solon this week and the Fairlawn location. All the Burntwood are amazing!
Very fast and was delicious. Food was great and fresh. Employees were very friendly as well.
Just an average pedicure.  I think that there are better nail places in the area.
Mizzo and Seong were amazing when it came to customer service! Definitely will come back next week
Overly expensive for what they offer.. unless you go during happy hour its not worth it.
Love their sandwiches, Mediterranean & the wreck are my favorites. Great place.
My little boy had A-blast here we went on a Wednesday it was $5, Friendly staff, and clean
Great gym and trainers. People are friendly and encouraging. The equipment is very new.
I had a coconut flavored Snow Shake.  It was amazing and so refreshing!  We will definitely go back!
Pretty good asado burrito and the homemade tortillas. I will definitely pay another visit soon.
Wow.  Three words say it all: Peking Duck Heaven.
The best wings around... Cozy and quite hockey pub with great waitresses and great wings.
the pizza was very good and the knots !!
Great German food in an exact replica of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany.
I like this place, The Atmosphere is good!I reccomend this restaurant to everyone!Enjoy!
So over priced it's not even funny.
Awesome tea place. I collect teas and I love the organic detox since it helps with hangovers :)
Great food and very reasonably priced. Employees are wonderful. Saki shooters are a must.
Yummy fod, great little spot to grab home made good food!
Delish! Everyone is friendly, food is excellent!! A very generous portion for the cost. Go hungry.
Favorite brewery in NE Ohio. Delicious beer, great people, chill atmosphere. Love it.
Try the margarita Cupcake!!  It's flippin awesome LOL!!
This place is awesome. Great service and an awesome staff. I would definitely refer them...
Pros: Good food, cheap drinks cons: long wait.
Just walked out all the tables dirty filth on the floor kind of ruined your appetite right
Great haircut. Great stylist. Ask for Karen.Terrific value. Highly recommend.
Really delicious sushi.   Service is good and fish is always fresh.
Great food at reasonable prices.  Dinner combo's for two are a good deal!
Favourite chinese BBQ place in the GTA. Roast pork is crispy and juicy!
Best cantaloupe snow ice I've ever had~!
There is a reason everyone else gave poor reviews Stay away from this place
I go  Vegas just to smoke Hooka at Layla. The guys are awesome.
I've seen better singing and dancing on a cheap cruise. Not worth $54 bucks.
Don't know what the bad reviews are all about. My guy comes every week and my pool is immaculate
I'm an H&M junkie Its was clean and staff courteous. Plus, no long lines.  Winner! Winner!
First visit and the Cobb Salad was delish! Very fresh! Atmosphere is quaint, casual, laid back.
Great service, our dog LaLa looked terrific! We'll be coming back again.  P.S. There is no 40% fee.
Came in for an updo and lash extensions, loved it!
Jordan is a great therapist who has successfully relieved neck and IT band issues for me.
JJ is an awesome bartender. Flaming edamame - a ok - don't be afraid.
Rented 3 perfectly maintained, great quality mountain bikes.  Super easy, and very friendly service.
Be prepared to wait the huge line outside and accept over the roof prices.
Good late night spot for beer and good music. The patio is big and has a couple bars.
This place has gone downhill! It was filthy today, May 23, 2018. See the attached bathroom pictures.
Sushi, sashimi were good.  The miso soup and the noodle came out cold.  Really, are you kidding me?
Went for a Yogurt today.  This place is out of business.  Everything in the store is gone :-(
Happy hour is amazing the chicken salad and flatbread top notch
Hands down the best chicken fajitas I've had in my life, and I'm a Mexican food snob!
Some of the best hand dripped coffee I've had since Philz in San Jose!
Loved this place. The asian chicken salad was amazing!!! Huge portion.
I love this store. The staff is helpful and great. Their products are amazing as well.
Wow salads anchoive is even better than their garbage salad. Zappa de pesces is the best.
Two bad beats at the poker tournaments, but overall came out winning at Excalibur!!!
Simply excellent service. Great straight forward communication. No up sell.  Highly recommended.
Awesome little neighborhood bar. Quality bar food, great staff! Love that the owner is so hands on!
This is a good gambling spot and the decor is nice. All of our dealers were quick and social.
Amazing wings but terrible fries burnt and looked like they were reheated DISSAPOINTED
Great place with a broad menu. Awesome fat fries. Made fresh so call ahead if in a hurry.
It's one of my to-go place whenever I crave for a good authentic Chinese meal.
The best book store.  A good place for kids to find books they like.  SW corner.
Pam Douglass NP is very knowledgeable and gives each patient the attention they need.
I am so upset that all the stores are closing.  I really don't know what I'm going to do!
Yes, the beers and wings are good, but why not splurge and pump some heat into the bathroom.
Decent pizza.  Awesome mozzarella sticks and great customer service.
Good clean seafood with reliable and consistent quality and over the top friendly experienced staff.
Excellent food and service.  My server recommended a great local beer.  Nice foie too.
Amazing food. Staff is super nice. Highly recommended food joint. Will come back in future for sure.
Great workers, they did everything I ask & reliable. I would recommend. Give them a call
3 workers working, took them 10 minutes to take our order and the wait is so long. Ridiculous
Fresh sushi, awesome fusion, service ok. Loud but lively.
The service was great, manager was really nice and it was the cleanest Denny's in a mile!
Love this place. I've been here twice. Quick service. No wait. No appointment needed. Can't beat it.
perfect filet-steak with fries and a french onion soup as appetizer.
I have gone here for my major paint projects for close to 30 years. Frank is the best!
By far the best beer in the airport. . . .
Their macaroni salad is good! I am a fan of the bbq chicken with sticky rice.
very good. i had the breakfast buffet and a blood mary. good service.
Patty melt was amazing with great service. The restaurant was clean. Kind of hard to find out here.
Very good mariscos. The michelada with the combination of the ceviche was pretty good.
Great fast fresh authentic dosas, awesome service. This is definitely worth a trip to Brampton.
Great food, but sooooooo Islow.  Very chaotic and disorganized.  It literally hurts me too go there.
Everything was cold and veggies were also not that fresh. Pita breads were also not properly cooked
Seriously LOVE my nail girl Cece!!! She always does an amazing job and treats me so well!
Great service, friendly staff the food was delicious. Tot Choos, Mac & cheese burger and fries.
Cool casino and sports gambling lounge. Also had a vegan burger at fat burger. Really good
Brunch is spectacular.   they redid the washrooms- they are great now.  love this place.
Toasty Torpedo. $4 and I'm good for lunch. The ladies that work here are very nice.
This place is solid. Great menu and beer selection. Always super busy.
Great lunch spot- fair prices for handmade pasta and sauce that is made in front of you.
Our kids love this place!  I enjoy it ad well.  Great place for kids to tire themselves out
Glaces tr s bonnes   tr s bon prix. Essayez la glace au chocolat blanc... Miam un r gale
Very delicious...very friendly staff and the garlic parmesean chicken fingers are to do for!
Its not ao cheaper ao customer quality is better mostly adults prefer, limitless refill coffee
Love this place ! Great food and amazing drinks! A really fun atmosphere!
Great range of burger options and wide beer selection.
Amazing fresh dumplings, fried rice and gao buns.  Definitely a come back for some more buns.
Ehhh
Interesting menu and awesome vegan food. The power bowl and the burger was delicious.
5 Star for Dumpling and 4 Star for their Noodles.  Overall Good place to eat at Madison, WI.
"So sorry I offended so many vegans. In Missouri we raise pigs and cattle and chickens to eat them."
I prefer it way more than tres amigos and the drinks are good but the stairs not so much
God place to enjoy a craft beer. They have a nice selection.    Some food and food trucks stop there
Love this place. Service was good but can improve a little and food was excellent and fresh
Excellent animal hospital the doctors are great and the service is bar none. I recommend highly.
Their flavors are good and is a chain business. Tasty milk teas and fruit shakes. Love it!
Diana gave us impeccable service at the bar, quality service, bone in veal parm a home run.
Spencer the barber is great - I highly recommend the shave!!
C'est quand meme juste pour le prix. Bonne crevettes et crabes.
Saw Sadie for facial and dermaplaning. Great experience, relaxing and my skin looked great.
Excellent food, great little breakfast place
I had the Tonkatsu Ramen.  The broth was very flavorful and I finished the whole bowl.
Wide selection of flavors, but where is the plain / tart yogurt? Clean and spacious.
My absolute favorite DB location. I'm a regular but they're super sweet to everyone!
Great food. Decent prices. Friendly staff. Go with the all you can eat bbq. So much fun.
Great office! Appreciate all the staff especially the hygienist Allison and Dr Snider and Dr Hahn
Good food that fills you up quickly, like their prices too.
Great food, prompt and friendly service, pleasant atmosphere.   I would recommend this place.
Best tasting menu I've tried in Toronto. Finally I find the place does the duck right!
I'm giving 4 stars only for the wings, they are very good. Especially in Habanero Honey sauce !
Food is not nice  but service is good . Dumpling is always  over cooker  and noodle is too salty
The atmosphere is amazing. The staff is friendly and the food is awesome. Favorite breakfast place
first time doing the threading and this placed popped my cherry lol it was so relaxing
The Gold Standard is just that! S'Mores MilkShake! and some fried pickles. done and done.
LOVE the Kung Pao Calamari! Definitely one of those craveable foods!
Good food, good people, keeping breakfast simple like it should be. Delicious coffee, too!
Love the consistency of the ice. My three boys loved their snow cones with ice cream.
Excellent tacos. Quick service. Tried the chicken tacos and pulled pork tacos. Both were yummy.
Great food, superb service and prices that can't be beat!  Definitely will recommend to our friends!
On time, very professional, very helpful. Best delivery company we had. Highly recomand them
It was just "ok" if you don't know what good sushi is them you will probably love it.
Service is always great  And the food is delicious definitely one of my favorite places for sushi
Had the grilled shrimp pasta and was delicious. Love the fresh salad and bread sticks.
The McDonalds of pizza. Skip it and walk half a block to the Big Slice.
Great customer service! They even carry the paint to your car!!
Grade: C+  Good food, excellent prices. Okay service from the smokin' hot waitresses.
Great margaritas, food and service. Wish there was a Nacho Daddy in the Chicago area.
Pretty decent as far as fast food sushi goes.
I've seen him buy meals for homeless people. Makes me like him.
Good selection of all bike items for all levels.
Dirk is super awesome friendly and very helpful!! Always keeping the place cleaned up!!
Love the atmosphere , service and the food especially the lobster roll was great. I'll go back.
Love the food & service here. Front host and our server/bartender were both very friendly!
Stopped here for a late night dinner food was good if you go during the busy hours order online
Authentic Szechuan cuisine....yum!  Drove by and went in. Lucky choice.
The best studio in Arizona!! The owners are awesome and our Daughter loves dancing there!!
Service is great! Guys really care about us, especially Carlos.  Great environment, friendly staff
So glad to have this office in Seven Hills! I trust Dr. George with my sight! enough said?
Stuffed banana peppers where the bomb. Another great place to visit next time I'm in town.
Tr s bonne cr pe repas et dessert. Service au table mauvais. Plusieurs mauvaises exp riences.
A favorite place of ours and Wednesday is Special. The Pot Roast is Delicious as always
Amazing.  Burnt cheese on the ends, pickled jalapenos and extra sauce.  Cant wait to go back.
Great inexpensive lunches. I've eaten here many times over several years it's always good.
Great breakfast and the natural surroundings love the laidback attractions and good food.
Lindsey was the best bar tender ever. The prices are fair, and the customer service was great!
Welcoming desk staff, great location, felt warm and friendly, lots of great info about the area.
Amazing ice cream! It was so good that we had it 2 days in a row.  Unique flavors, cute place.
Epicly Awesome!  Great Food!  Awesome Staff!  I love this place!
Oddly smells like popcorn..but in that "covering up a smell" bad way.
We enjoyed our dinner so much. Our server, Amber, rocked!!! Great food, service, and awesome drinks!
Horrible services: meat tasted funny for Bun Rieu, as for Bun B  Hue, it had no flavor.
Great Italian food. The chef is very friendly.
Great food and awesome sangria. The sauces are incredible. The staff is plenty friendly too.
The restaurant has closed for business as of May 12th.  What a shame!
The service and food was awesome. We love coming here for breakfast on Sunday! Thank you!
Pretty good sushi sandwiches.  Dang guacamole was very hot.  Not bad for a whole mess of cat scraps.
Grade: C  Dopey staff. Okay food. Good prices. Even McDonald's updates their menu.
Best coffee and croissants in North America.
Tuesday nights, free bacon and $1 beers! what more can you ask for?
Good food, friendly owner and service!  Our favorite Kent restaurant outside of downtown.
Always excellent food. I have not had anything I did not enjoy. The Cabernet burger is fantastic!
Great food, lil quaint place n the employees are super friendly. I would recommend it to everyone
Great Thai massage! Deep pressure right to my sore spots. Clean organized place. Thanks!
Amazing food! Tasted delicious. Inside is beautiful, deserves better surrounding location. Yum !
Three stars is pushing it a bit... think "almost Perkins".
Great place, great vibe. Tiny but serves delicious food. Service was great! loved everything i ate!
We LOVE Elly's!!!!! Their skillet breakfasts are fantastic and the staff are super perso
Best Vietnamese place in Charlotte so far !!! Great food , excellent service !
Not a  fan. Filabertos is definately a whole lot better and has better prices.
Very friendly and helpful. Awesome stuff. I love this Trader Joe's wish it was @ the inner harbor.
Great Company . Honest and trustworthy. Happy to be here. Corporate staff always kind and attentive.
Good food and ok prices.  The servers are nice but the service is really slow
Great food, nice place to sit down and have meal.
The heart of airport traffic in Vegas.
The seafood soup is delicious! I ordered the beef with the pasta and it was so good! Will go back
Ok service. Great food healthy selections. Menu isn't big but has what it needs
Great hot pot place, clean and delis!!!
Came here for a special event, and had a table out on the patio.  Amazing experience. Great food!
Crapy burger. Cold fries. Charged for lettuce and tomatoes. What a cheap franchise. Yuk. Never again
* Super greassssy sandwiches * Salads made on shredded lettuce  Not worth it!
Jake is the best. Great pizza. Great drinks. Stories for days. Can't wait for karaoke night.
They are awesome! My mom had her denture done through them and they took good care of her
Great office amazing technology Jay is a great dentist
Best Thai around. The portion sizes are huge. The chicken Pad Thai fed my wife and I easily.
Delicious, all before we moved to a vegan diet! Great service! Wish they offered vegan donuts!!!
Good service and good decor. But the food is too salty and too sour. Not a good Japanese restaurant.
Used them for a 2nd property of ours with a dozen trees.   Excellent job!
Excellent.  Best Pizza in Summerlin.  You will not be disappointed.
*UPDATE*  The country bar next door is out of business so no more loud crappy music! Bonus!
Love this place!! Perfect for a spring or summer night out. Amazing patio. Great food and drinks.
Best Poke place around! Highly recommend it to anyone looking for some great food!
I am from back east, these are HANDS DOWN the best bagels I have tasted in AZ.
Great food and service! The ambiance is a similar to a loud cafeteria but you'll get used to it.
Great meal and drinks - best vegan Mexican I've ever had and shout out to Taylor - good service too
Upbeat and fun setting. Awesome food and beer/wine selection but service was incredibly slow.
Service was cold and impersonal, and the food wad not much better.
Just moved from Jersey, been on the hunt for a good pie. This is a good pie!
Good vibes smooth hookahs great service and to too it all of amazing music and good atmosphere
Very sad day......they had the best Tortellini.....Rest in peace Pasta Pomodoro
Been here n every time a great selection of beers! I'm gettn a Salmon BLT...always my "go to"...
I had the best steak ever at Oscar's!!  Bone in Filet, the tastiest Filet I've ever eaten.
I used to think Pamela's was the best breakfast in town, until I came to this place.  Amazing.
Great service, unbelievable food, very friendly, will definitely be a regular now!!!!!
Our massages were okay, nothing special. Loved everything else, the relaxation room was amazing.
A Parkdale institution. Great beers, amazing music and cool atmosphere.
I'm not the most cultured fellow but I enjoy a good museum now and again. This place is great.
Very amazing food. They are very friendly and price is very acceptable for the portion and quality
I love the food and the environment! Great service and it's in the heart of downtown. I recommend .
Good selection of snacks.  Convenient gas stop right next to my better half's work.
Just had this and was amazing. I got the Mucho XL and it was huge! It was fresh and really tasty.
One of the best crepe I had in Montreal :) Thank you! Love the bailey latte!
I got the chorizo and potato street taco and it was great!! Salsa very good too. Fast service.
Yuuuuum! Awesome service at dinner. The lady at the bar was inattentive.
Julian is very entertaining and knowledgeable tour guide. A very fun and informative walking tour
Excellent food, a great spot for a french bite and a chat.
When checking in, the girl up front wasn't friendly at all. Instructors do a good job.
Sure the cookies are great, but I waited 2 hours for my delivery. That's just unacceptable.
Top-notch service, awesome food. Their 4-maggi and kale salad... drool.
The birthday certificate used to be way better. I don't like the bogo thing if your by yourself.
Not quite vegan, but I like the veggie burrito w no dairy. Pleasant staff.
Great service!  This is my go-to for my car wash needs.  Tracy and the staff are excellent!
Best pizza anywhere!  Every time I come back to the burg, I have to stop and get a pizza!
Excellent food and guest service. Waiters are conversationalists and food is beyond compare.
If you are in Cleveland - a must visit.  Spend 2-3 hours and enjoy.  Good stuff.
Spaghetti is delicious, baking surface is good also, very suitable friend for dinner, a nice place!
Outstanding craftsmanship and customer service. Highly recommended. Honest, quality work.
Their seafood friend rice is devine. I gotta learn how to make it so I can eat it all the time
Enjoyed my stay with my son. It was clean and except for casino cigarette smoke it was great
Great experience helping me purchase my first home
Super friendly environment, amazing food! Friend took me once and now i love it! Great prices!
Really tasty sauces, decent sized wings, and friendly staff!
Typical twangy country music. The only thing Irish is they sell Guinness. Sewer smell was nauseating
Friendly family owned great service and great food! Prices are just right! I highly recommend!
I order from these awesome people all the time Love there Food the best in the Area In my Opinion
Players Club representative, Alvin S. Super helpful, patient, courteous & good humored!
Good atmosphere, tasty food and great service.  What more could you ask for?
I don't like mixed drinks. I loved the mixed drinks here. Awesome staff, cool owner. Do it.
Lies about deadlines.  "Pick up in 2 weeks."  Complete BS.  Did nada.
Taco was amazing for a reasonable price too. Highly recommend the chicken and pork taco
The best prime rib in the US. Superb service, food and location. Lawry's will always be a favorite.
Genius concept! The menu is a little overwhelming but we tried a little of everything and loved it!
New York Strip was delicious  The Bartender was prompt and friendly. Will definitely return.
New decor is great, thoughtful. The food, breakfast, was mediocre.  Service was horrible.
Fantastic place! Loved it. Staff is super nice and welcoming! They taught salsa very well!
My all time favorite tea place! Love the friendly employees and freshly brewed all natural tea!
Probably the best salad and soup I've had! Great food, ambiance, and really friendly staff!
Great pizza!!
Great tacos, horrible atmosphere, and worse service. Great tacos. :) okay little spot.
Taste is okay, lamb BBQ should worth a try
Good service, always friendly but today every beer Donnie has order they do not have. :-(
So yummy! Friendly and fast delivery, food was hot and delicious :) definitely will be back.
My 1st time being here,build looks outdated, once inside the lobby is very nice, good experience
Good food with friendly staff. Atmosphere is okay. Not my go to place but I would go back again.
Very good , had a GREAT beer that bartended recommended food was good, very good flovor
Good lunch combos. Nice sushi rolls and I love the vegetable tempura and gyoza.
I think this winners have the best stocks in T.O.  And yes, even better than the one on Bloor!
Don't know what the hype is about this place. Thin slices of fish and packed with rice.
Great Diner Breakfast  Try the french toast, made with homemade bread.
Best bacon sandwich in the city. Do it. I've been eating them since i was a kid.
Don't mess with any other bowling alleys in Charlotte especially amf. Excellent customer service
Great food at a reasonable price. Extensive wine list. Great atmosphere. Swordfish was excellent!
Best falafel in Cleveland. Fast service. Nice downtown location.
Nice atmosphere and good food.  Very Pittsburgh-esque
Best donuts in Vegas, family run business . A must try......... if you haven't already
Love this place!  Great service, good food at a decent price.  Drinks are huge.
Oh so amazingly fresh and tasty!!  Sit at the bar for the true interactive, fun experience. Yummy!
Friendly staff. They did a great job with French tipped acrylics.  Will definitely come back
I got a facial with Lina and she was amazing and I will be going back.
Great pizza and wing dings!!!!!! :) ask for Courtney Z to make it and it will be perfect!
best hotel ever! nice room nice service nice restaurants nice casino nice buffet
The food there was okay. I had a salmon dish there. I don't eat beef so I can speak for their steak.
Had lunch on Saturday then Jazz Brunch Sunday.  Extraordinary service and food.
Inflated prices for food equivalent to a fast food restaurant. Waitress was terrible.
Best steak house in Arizona!!! Love the Chop salad and moscato is amazingit!!!!
The food here is amazing. They also make great drinks! I wish they had live music though
They suck. Don't go! If you can't attend to my services, don't tell me you can! Waste of time.
Super popular and awesome board game store! So many varieties and we played zombie mall.
Good prices, easy to use. No hassle. Free parking is a huge bonus.
Worst dining experience. Food is cold  and waiter and hostess were non attentive. Not coming back
The beer selection was so incredible that I threw up in my friends mouth.
Horrible Food  Horrible Rice Horrible Service   5 separate times delivered wrong food
Always consistent. Great service, great carne asada and a pleasant patio on a beautiful day.
Great burgers and onion rings.  They make the burgers fresh and use quality ingredients.
I had Gladamir. He was sooooo good. I had a deep pressure massage. Great pressure and technique.
Sasha DeCania is a great therapist.  Easy to take to non judgmental knows what she is doing.
Everything is worth a try!  Hummus falafel Chicken platter with rice Hookahs are great too!
Chicken poutine can't say more. Great sauce and service. Wished they delivered in my area
Amazing food and service. Make sure you come hungry as there is alot of meat to sample.
Fabulous breakfast and lunch . Have not tried it for dinner yet.  The always have tables available
I liked the food here but service is very  slow. Not a good place foe lunch I'd u are working
A little pricy but so worth it. The ox tail broth is flavorful and nourishing. Will buy again
Absolutely delicious. Best pho in town. Great service. The bubble tea are also to die for.
I called to ask if they buy swords.. And the guy hung up on me. How rude.
Excellent food, filet was tender, juicy. Lobster mashed potato and Mac & cheese outstanding.
amazing food...great take out and eat in  high quality afghan food
They also scatrched my truck with their buffer. I wouldn't wish this place on my worst enemy.
Wow. Loved it. If Michelin were in Canada, I'd be supportive of assigning them with one star.
House specials : Beef,pork,chicken&fish spicy pot , spicy & tasty!  get them! you can't go wrong .
Great sushi choices, decent price for dinner.. fast and friendly service every time I've been.
If I could give this post office's customer service zero stars I would! The absolute WORST.
Very good Italian. Prices are resonable for the portion size. Enjoyed the vibe as well.
They got our attention! With the buy one get one offer, great customer service.. Cool bsrtender
Food is super tasty! Great portions, happy to have found a decent Chinese place here in Vegas.
This place is the bomb . The games are great and the pizza is better than any of the rest.
Anytime I'm in Vegas this is my go to for a good Steak. You had me at Truffle Butter!
Great staff. Sherry is a fantastic dental hygienist. Like the staff hate what they do there haha
Great BBQ and a nice selection of sauces! This place ROCKS!
If you are looking for a great apartment then look no further!!! And make sure you ask for Whitney!
Get the Banana Chocolate Chip, it's the best. Even better if it was in a Vanilla macaron.
If you are drunk and hungry it is delicious. Tried it sober once and it wasn't very good!
Phenomenal experience!!!! Highly recommend Dr. Golpa!!! A true Artisian! Do this for YOU!!
Amanda did a great job on my blowout today!!! She was quick and friendly. I highly reccommend her!
service was slow. food had no seasoning at all, very bland. better mexican food around.
The food here is always delicious. I love their Power Breakfast Egg White Bowl with Turkey. So good.
Good gluten free bun and excellent vegan spiked milkshake.  Overall the burger was good.
Excellent work , great customer services! I will be back with friends and family member for sure
do not use for scorpion issues, waste of money.
Really quick service!!! Guys are pretty funny !! Lol really nice work. I would recommend them!
I don't like paper plates and plastic forks and spoons for soul food
Fresh and delicious  Warm pretzels and toppings  Highly recommend Inside the rio hotel.
by far the best street tacos in town, maybe anywhere, think ill go there now
My go to place. Love the shrimp paste on sugarcane. Nothing compares the theirs! 5/5 for that dish
Can't beat the speed, price, taste, options, etc.  I wish this chain was up in Michigan.
Great service, good food, excellent bartender!!!!  I love to go again soon.
Friendly wait staff, comfortable atmosphere and cheap beer . Lobster was a little over cooked
This place have great service and I would recommend this place to any body who likes blue crab.
Great place for lunch. The hotdogs are great. Nice variety and the  service is always friendly.
Been here multiple times I love this place! Friendly staff, clean facilities and yummy food.
above avg breakfast, but the decor and atmosphere of a law office.
Delicious fresh bagels, and jalape o cream cheese... Can't beat that! Oh and very nice staff!!
The place is deserted. The steak is average. The wine is mediocre. The prices are huge.
We come here often. Always get the Cinderella and Little Mermaid roll from happy hour menu. Bomb :)
Fantastic service and owned by great people. Best authentic Italian restaurant in the area. 10/10
Very easy to navigate and clean.
Great food, very nice atmosphere, wonderful evening!
Delicious. I had the catfish dinner w/fried okras & mac 'n cheese, but the service was exceptional!
Great staff and really good food. Unbeatable steak dinner with juicy huge cut of rib eye... Yum.
Great service - knowledgeable staff - classic Chevy Ford owners or just Gear Heads...must visit
Run away from this one! Food was very bland, no taste and expensive. Waste of a dinner and money
Super awsesome haircut and very friendly staff.  I hardly had to wait for my turn
Pancakes and waffles were fluffy and tasty! Hardly needed syrup. We will be going back for sure.
Great affordable breakfast and lunch. Staff is always so friendly too. Banana nut muffin is amazing.
Reasonable tickets, interesting seating.  Oh yeah, they serve wine!
If you haven't been here yet you have to try the Shushi!! The Shushi chef is the bomb!!!
Great stay, friendly service..been coming here since I was a kid, I still love this place!
I'm from TN and Honey Bears bq pork is as good as any you could get in TN.
We had the best butternut squash I've ever tasted. Yummy!
Great food, with an extensive menu. Gotta have hot sauce in the hummus. Yummy in the tummy.
Great flavor. So much food I was able to eat it for 3 meals. Well worth every dollar spent.
I was just there and Hailey did a amazing job on my hair. I will definitely be back thank you!
Very good coffee and atmosphere. The staff is great also. Stop by if you get a chance.
Horrible job on a simple gel mani!! In a rush and painted over my dried cuticles. Never again!
Great buffet, but slow to refill food items. Melissa was a great server. MUST get the orange juice!
Awesome Food!! Always a sure bet for great Mexican food. Open late. Green chile our awesome!!
Amazing food! The ambience is great and the service is fantastic!
Good service and I like how my hair turned out! The braids aren't tight and look nice!
Joe was such an attentive server. He was incredibly nice and quick too! Awesome experience!!!!
Cold beer, good food in a relaxed Irish atmosphere.
Simple & delicious middle eastern food, fresh pita & amazing arabian coffee...an institution!
The fish jung sik is really good. I haven't had any issues with the service as others had said.
Really good 100* for me unlimited wine beer coffee and other stuff oh yeah really good
This is my go to carwash place when I just want the outside done, love the towel drying.
Great food! Staff is quick and friendly. Been here multiple times and could recommend to others
Great food, reasonably priced and fast delivery- great place!
Not good. Completely blew my delivery and then failed to correct.
Excellent vacation!  I still dream about sitting at the fire pit with a glass of wine!
Good food a little pricey and no more buffet but still one of the best in the cleveland area
Love this hotel! Always clean and very spacious! A lot of parking! And the pool is amazing!!!!
Muy buena comida excelente servicio personas muy amables los tacos son muy buenos el sabor
Ordered the fiesta nachos and they were delish. Chicken was flavorful and portions were large.
Oh the humanity. The taxi line is why I always rent a car.
Our favorite restaurant in town. Great atmosphere. Chef Lee always gets it right!
Moki.  Hold the onion.  Beer Hot sausage.  Nothing more to say.
Excellent trainers and different workouts every time! Love OTF!
Good food, good atmosphere and enough parking spots. Couldn't get any better!
smarter version of lagrande orange....dig the vibe.....been craving crepes for far too long. check.
I like Sizzler, but not at this location.  The salad bar was not fresh, and the table was sticky.
Dirty plates and hair in food. Salad was decent. Entree and appetizer were comped. Will not be back.
Wow!  Good stuff, excellent service, perfect authentic mojitos!
Overall a good meal.  Sushi, Yum! I'd go back!
Amazing!! Fast and friendly with great colour choices. Chelsea is wonderful and did a great job!
Lunch specials are inexpensive and tasty.
Tons of beers on tap.  The food is average and overpriced.
The pork mechado has my heart! I love it here it's really good and the service is wonderful!
Absolute best Italian food I have ever had!  The wait staff great!  I would go a million times more!
Fixed garage door. Did a great job. Left everything neat and tidy! Also, garage door doesn't squeak.
Not like the one on 7th Ave menudo, but fry bread was soooo good.
Great Place! Ron Wolfley actually walked around and asked how things were. Impressive.
Great vibe with a DJ playing a good mix of songs! Food is good (steaks) and variety of side dishes!
Been here many times services were great stuff friendly food great and lot of parking spaces
This is one of the best Italian places in town! They always have amazing food and great service!!!
Great place. Safe, comfortable, great management, great amenities!! I love this place.
The staff is simply amazing, very eager to please and super fast. Best Edo in Calgary
Food was decent however a little pricey $70 for 2 large and 14 wings.
Friendly, fast, clean. Got the grilled chicken curry with brown rice level 8. Soo yummy!
Cozy pub, with great food and good ambiance. Trivial quiz on Sunday nights!
Favorite Indian food no matter where I travel! Very nice service and lovely atmosphere.
Standard e and p.  good for kids and seniors.  Good milkshakes
Danielle's customer service was awesome!!!  :)  large selection of everything for party's
I don't know what the hype is about this place the donuts are no better then any other donut shops.
Great screen with great sound.  Love the fact the place is always clean.
snooker haven  often overlooked in pool halls but the restrooms are one of the best
The mini burgers here will be the death of me.
Amazing food as always, great service, had the roast beef dip.
Great atmosphere and prices! Bottle caps are amazing I always add melted cheese on top! :)
Yeah, 2-3 stars describes the food 1 star for the prices 4.5-5 describes our server Aracely
Dependable, honest, reliable.  This is a mechanic any woman can trust.
Good Cuban & Caribbean Food!  Warm, inviting, contemporary atmosphere with good reggae tunes.
Wedding gift...Guuuuuh....   Don't make me go here anymore......
Good pizza for the strip! easy, fast, and doesn't break the pocket
Best doughnuts anywhere.  The place is clean and service is good. Support this local place.
We went with two young kids (5 and 2) on vacation. Great service. Kids loved food. Great smoothies.
an absolutely great choice for gym equipment repair. Rusty is a real pro. no lie.
Very cozy little hide out perfect to chill with a glass of wine!
Always happy every time I come here. Great food and good service when you can find a seat!
Very professional,  clean, and great service. Massage was the best I've had in years.
Sachi salon gives the best haircuts and pedicures
Great place for cheap beer! $6 Pitchers.  Dumplings and soup dumplings are pretty good as well.
Great service! Finally a Viet place in Ballantyne...The staff is very nice. A must visit
Lobster cannoli was luke warm and had a fishy taste. Expensive for the quality. Nice decor.
Just had my 08 Rover Sport rims powder coated.  They are gorgeous.  Excellent color matching Don!!
Love this restaurant - great summer rolls and beef rolls are delicious - always great service too !
solid middle eastern food in scarb. always hits the spot, pretty good fries too.
Fresh sushi late at night and a cozy atmosphere. Very friendly staff.
Great service, chill atmosphere, and amazing food.  Will definitely go again and again!!!
Good food, cool atmosphere, outdoor seating and drink specials!  Check it out...
Excellent! Le service, la nourriture, les employ s, tout! On reviendra
Great food. Huge portions. Busy place, but fast & friendly service. We'd definitely come back.
Fast Eddie's is so fast that my chicken came out raw. Thanks. Been barfing for the past hour.
Too institutional.  Out of a can, bag, box, or freezer.  Parking is very limited.  Not a fan.
Not going to labor this one. Three  words: Dull, uninspired food.
THIS RESTAURANT IS CLOSED! The Pasta Shop took over the location, which is a huge upgrade.
Inviting, friendly, professional, quick My new favorite place to go.
Great Sunday brunch for $8 - 10.  Service is ok too... As long as you make it before the noon rush.
I had passed this place several times and decided to finally try it.......I recommend El Encanto!
Funky friendly inside. Best tempura green beans ever.. And don't leave without the donut dessert!
Standard store, I've never had any issues shopping there.
It was good frozen yogurt. Check in through Yelp for 10% off. tags/keywords: coupon discount
Needs a smoking area.  Fuck the TSA .
the best banh mi place in brampton! I always go here every other week. Very fresh and tasty!
Thought this was the best pizza on the strip until i went across the street to the cosmo
Cheap on the portions.  Worst chipotle I have been to yet. But then again I am in Las Vegas.
Stopped in to get a brake light bulb. Seemed a little pricey but convenient.
Service was poor and food just ok, especially for price. Also, they refused to honor Yelp promotion.
I was told that I had the wrong number when I called to confirm the tour.  This was not cool.
I really dig the green chili :) the staff is super friendly and very helpful with menu selection :D
Great food, and very inexpensive- the whole family was happy!
Great little cake store. I come all the way from Ottawa for their Fresh cupcakes!
Amazing service! On time and so efficient - made the moving process go as smoothly as possible!
Just mediocre at best. Props for the space and hours though, I mean there is almost always no wait.
I need to go kfc after , portion is too small for male and I think an instant noodle taste better.
Great folks. Honest and they do the best work and care! ILas Vegas
Very delicious food, but limited space inside
l
ask for Dru! Rock Star Level Service. Informative, no pressure.
Tonight my heart is breaking ...Sweet Life has closed as of December 7.
I tried salmon poke bowl, fish was fresh and very tasty. The lady at the cashier is nice.
Ladies had a great time on $5 roulette tables here though I had bad luck on Texas Hold' Em tables!
Enjoyed my stay! The staff was great and very accommodating! Totally recommend to others!
Not a fan. Go to Total Wine instead - much cheaper & great options.
Feel lucky that I am a platinum card holder. Really enjoyed it. Much better than United Club
Best place to get tires or tire repair. Always get excellent service whenever I come over.
Great atmosphere, food was comparable to Chilli's or Applebees, very entertaining.
Great restaurant and atmosphere. Food is amazing. The unlimited booze special is a great idea!
Service was fine, but food quality unimpressive.
Great service. Michael was very fast! I got a new lock in approximately 1 hour after my call.
I love this place!
The food was great and the staff was very accommodating and nice.  Will definitely go again.
Absolutely the Best bagels around. Have to get there early before all your favorites are gone.
The sushi was good, but I have had better.
Crab was seasoned well with Old Bay.  Moderately overpriced due to the very small portions of sides.
Great dive bar, burgers were fabulous-lots of pool tables for fun. Friendly and good sevicdt
We really enjoyed our first visit. Our dog Jellybean was even more grateful to be welcomed!
A delightful surprise. Fantastic fish and a warm friendly atmosphere in this little spot. Cash only.
Great food and extensive wine list. Have any of the flatbread appetizers. Too full for dessert.
Great service! Great atmosphere! Many choices on the menu! Food when cooked properly excellent!
The food was ok. The server messed up our order a couple of times. Not that great of a service.
Update: this place is still 5 stars - Kate is still the best.   This is a MUST for summerlin ppl
Great little winery and shop. Very friendly and great wine. reasonably priced
Great food, huge proportions, amazing price, friendly service, what else is there to say!
This place was amazing! Fresh food, awesome fresh squeezed orange juice, and great service
This place was nasty dirty; machines filthy.  My last time coming here
Great prices for the portions, absolutely delicious food, and a wonderful family-owned atmosphere.
When you do not want an item on your sandwich - they act offended. Sorry - I am paying for it.
Nice spot, they got really good food, they serve good drinks, and their customer service is stellar.
Love this cozy coffee shop. Great drinks and good atmosphere to sit and relax for a few.
Great place to go especially during football season!  Good food, drinks and service.
Must have the Luna's Corned Beef sandwich.... Amazing.
Great service and friendly staff, car was immaculate. Bus drivers were friendly and very helpful.
O my gosh amazing food. Service awesome,  huge portions very great prices!!! We will be back!!
This place has some really good and cheap food.   As well, free soda refills.  I love it.
I thought this place was just ok. It could have been what I ordered. I would give it another go.
Great pizza (prosciutto), cool environment. Ate with family before Suns game. Highly recommend.
Damn good sandwiches. I really liked the tuna. Their bread is the highlight. Cool atmosphere too
The food was delicious, the service was amazing. Highly recommend anyone in fountain Hills. Yum Yum
Straight and simple.  They check your smog.  And then you're off lol There's not much to it.
Great food and even better staff. Had the P1 pho soup. Very fresh and tasted wonderful.
Michael was amazing! Best waiter we've worked with this past week. He's on top of his game.
Went for CUFF, loved the atmosphere the old movie posters! Comfortable seating affordable popcorn
Alex did a great job on my 9 and 12 year olds. Definitely request him when you go to World Class!
Amazing food.... Great atmosphere.. and service was fantastic as well!! Gaskets-N-More Brenda Grose
Foods great. I love the sandwiches and pasta bowls. The pesto pasta bowl is my favorite.
Good haircut but Rude and no personality...won't be going back
It was ok. Went on a Saturday night for the seafood buffet. I expected more for my $45 a person.
Had prix fix which was not worth 50$. Service was slow, inattentive. Food was bland and unexciting.
I crave this place all the time. Raja is the best and very personable.
Shag Me is the best hair salon in Vegas!! Michael rocks as a hair dresser!!
I love Pita Jungle always fresh and delicious.
Don't set you expectations too high and you'll never leave hungry.  Standard hk style cafe.
Always prompt and friendly.  It may not be the most modern or chic cleaners but its very functional.
Great customer service. Repaired unit while I waited. Very friendly and professional.
Hands down the best pizza in Madison. It is absolutely delicious. We love the atmosphere too!
It has great food and quick service for a good price, I like that there is also a cinnabon.
Veggie medley fajita. Homemade flour chips. Cheat meal!!!
Traditional Irish pub with the great selection on tap and outside seating with view of the strip.
Came here for a Birthday party. Our 6 Year old had a blast.
Nice building in a great location.  Parking is a nightmare... but isn't all of uptown a nightmare?!
I tried this place on a whim last year, and I'm definitely glad I did. Valerie is amazing.
Fresh ingredients and friendly service. Good selection of food from light salads to hearty burgers.
Very good! Great service! Great food! Decent prices $20-25 per entree! Would recommend!
Little neighborhood gem! Food is great, at affordable prices. Service could use some help.
A basic place but the food is good and service is also, limited wine and beer
super clean super friendly employess great location fully stocked and spent to much money there lol
DON'T COME HERE SOBER!  That is all.
Love the birthday cake flavor!  :)
Ask for cupcake! Nadya gives the best lap dances when she's not too drunk to function...
Great times! Hannah our server was amazing. The drinks were great and the atmosphere was phenomenal.
Good food at a good price. Pretty Authentic Hawaiian BBQ in AZ and Cali. I get the #4 combo.
Great food and decor, but horrible service. Washrooms are up three flights of stairs.
solid pizza. We tried a few of the vegetarian options and were not disappointed.
Very tasty!  The bread is excellent. Nothing special on the Decour side definitely worth a visit
I won't go to any other chucky cheese this is by far the cleanest and SAFEST
Really good ramen--not the best one I've had but quite good. Try their special Fukumimi ramen.
It's a Pittsburgh staple..  There is no better slaw in the world.  One of my favorites!!
Super burritos.  My favorite is the veggie.  At times wait in line can be 10+ minutes.
Hand made tortillas, mexican coke bottles, best tacos in Arizona. Do I need to say more?
Good barbecue.. Meat was a bit dry, but very flavorful.. Good sides.. I'd eat that again..
Suppppppeerrrr good in love with the pulled pork salad to die for!!! Mac and cheese awesome
Nice dive bar food was good beer was cold bartender remember my name overall very good spot
Worst sushi I've ever had. Tasted like sugar with old fish. Do yourself a favour and DON'T go here!
Excellent service, cleanliness and wax by Portia.. Thanks for providing a lovely experience.
Typical golf course fare.  Nice if you live in Summerlin.
Authentic northern Chinese noodles. This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Madison
Had a good time on a tues nite.
Nice beer selection, good service, great bar food.  Typical bar atmosphere.
Great spot in Santa Fe Casino. Surprised at the quality! Great people, good food close to home.
The instructor and the staff were great. I'm looking forward for the second visit. Thank you!
Love the breakfast. Candice thanks for the great service  You Rock! Emerald Diamond cut style.
Meat sauce pretty good and we liked the Italian food, but haven't tried the Greek yet.
The front desk needs a customer care improvement course.
This place not so good...they are mostly interested in selling new bikes - service not so much.
Got the mixed box with sliders and sushi.  Wasn't impressed by either.  Long wait too.
Great bartenders great cocktails. If you're in old port definitely check this place out!
Seriously, this place is the best!! Food was amazing, good price and staff is super nice!
Not any better prices than the strip- but clean, a bit far out than I like.
Attended a wedding here. Beer was alright, setting was excellent.
My son Ethan loves coming to the classes.  Sensei Paul and Sensei Jason  are great with him!
Delicious. Love BOGO. Excellent location. Nice decor. Professional service. Quiet.
I like this place in my time to lunch. the prices are  accessible and the food is very good.
Amazing place , delicious food. Very friendly staff . For sure we will back soon .
Nice place. Liked the ambience. Was on a corporate party do don't know how pricey it is.
Mango Shiva is wonderful! I think it must be the most wonderful restaurant of the planet! ;)
The pizza is amaaazing here. Thin crust deliciousness. This comes from an ex-new Yorker.
Older group, small dance floor, small location ..  Pros: the view down the strip.
The best smog I have gotten by far! Friendly and fast service!!! Can't beat that!! Thx!!!
Hands down the coolest Sushi place in Charlotte!!!  Design your own sushi rolls, how cool is that?
Food was tasty but expensive and we ended up with diarrhea. Definitively will not come back.
Nice coffee, definitely!!!  cozy and snuggy  Kind and nice staffs  Really nice machiato :)
They fuck up my order everytime i go threw the drive threw at night
Had a great breakfast. Extra star for the awesome service thanks to Chrystal. We'll be back!!
Good food. Attentive service. Wish every pho comes in both small and regular size though.
Best nail salon in Champaign. The massage at the end of your service is a nice touch!
The Pittsburger is amazing especially with egg and they serve great Fishbowls
Delicious! These cheeses are better than their dairy equivalent and worth their weight in gold!
Just bought our 3rd timepiece from James. Service is beyond exceptional. Thank you! So excited.
AAA quality food! True fine dining experience. Will definitely come back to try again
Janine hemmed a floor-length bridesmaid-type dress for $15 and had it ready for me the next day!
Absolutely wonderful massage. Highly recommend getting a massage here. Brittiney was fabulous!
Marylin Monroe didn't even look like her. Overall it was pretty nice. Really liked the Thor one tho.
Great Pizza. We drive quite a distance to get here BTW, open a store in Cave Creek ;) Keep it up!
Wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning. They had the shrimp lo mein. Beware!
Amazing food and service. Love the look inside.
pretty cool dive...good drinks,food and if the mood strikes a BJ next door at the bookstore...
Dry flavorless meat, poor portions, and rude management. Many other options on mill ave.
Two room suite very comfortable. Love the full kitchen with a table.
Cozy and cute, and within biking distance!  Just don't go on First Friday.
Yummy. Corned beef sandwich was good. Will try the Montreal for sure next time. Great service
Average diner fare.  We went here because the Crepe place was too full, and had perfectly good food.
Fantastic. I would use them again. Guys worked very hard and was impressed with the work ethic.
No wait time . Great hospitality from start to end . Jessica and Aurelia were the best . Thank you !
Pretty delicious! Saturdays 2 for 1 sushi including specialty rolls.
Food is what I'd expect from a diner, but the service is horrid.  Price \value good
Shannon is a great bar tender and took amazing care of us today! Food and drink were awesome!
Great place. Service was great the people there where open and staff never made me regret coming.
The STEAK IS AMAZING  I highly recommend anything from here along with there deserts!
Great breakfast!  Enjoyed the food, coffee, and setting!  A must if In lake Las Vegas
Great Vet - very personal and caring about your pet from Dr's to staff.
Great food and service and awesome chips and salsa! Highly recommended.
Pretty good. The sauce is like a boss sauce that is sold in new York.
Nice little burger place with my son loves the custard. Staff is very friendly and fast!
It's straight garbage. The GM is a tool. Pissed I signed up. Gonna cancel after first payment comes.
Good food, decent price, nice customer service, friendly staff.
Wonderful desert place, had their maple cookies and they were divine. Very friendly service.
Make Sure You Collect COD!!!!!!!! Jerry And Judy Left Lots Of People High And Dry!
This place would make a killing in the Los Angeles area!
Meh is right. I've tried this place now 3 times, every time it's a disappointment. Skip it.
My favorite kbbq place and Alodia was awesome! She got all our orders on time and was very pleasant!
Decent food, limited menu, good service. Definitely overpriced.
I would highly recommend takeout. Food was great! Try the Lo mein! But terrible service.
Grade: B  Great food and prices. The snooty, Trust-Fund Liberals sitting at the bar are a bit much.
Quick-service reasonable prices Professional installation very happy with my wooden shutters.
Great service and the burgers are very tasty.  Hours are convenient. Try lettuce burger wrap! !
I ordered mahi mahi and it was basically a fish omelette. The egg batter overpowers the fish.
See also the reviews listed under TGI Fridays for this location.
Stayed here in 2008 when the place was brand new. Staff, including maintenance crew was top notch.
Great bagels, and being from NYC's Upper West Side I should know.
Was not able to eat, as the kitchen does not open until after 7. I recommend they update hours.
Went back today for a hard gel full set! Once again loved my experience!! Till next time. :)
Standard arena. Lots of different events held here. We saw the trans siberian Orchaestra. Very cool!
Loved the environment: flowers, blooming trees on the patio with roosters crowing in the background.
Food was decent, service was not. No wine list. Might come back next time. Nice cocktail list.
Sorry...went there once and had a hair in my food....they 10% discount. I will not go back, so sad.
My second favorite chinese reataurant after Cravings. Good quality food. Great seating arrangements!
My favorite!!! Staff is always friendly. Food is great. Never been disappointed here.
unrealistically cheesy. food is just okay and they play awful music lol. I give it a year
Good shredded beef burrito, the enchilada was sub par. Good rice and beans, open 24/7=good enough!
Over price, yogurt taste stall and the staff and owners are horrid. DO NOT GO!
The service was good but the happy hour food was disappointing. It left a lot to be desired.
Service team member Tim was outstanding.  The work was done right and on time.
Great staff on Thursday May 25.. Friendly, easy going. Nice corner spot. Excellent flat white.
Finalement donburi! Cuisine japonaise peu explor  encore ici. Service rapide, repas d licieux!
Literally disgusting. Their food is gross and I've seen nice running around in there.
The food was very good. Staff were very friendly and speedy. The portions were large and filling,
I was very pleased with the teachers and friendly staff at this studio. Times are also good.
Fresh sushi and great service! I had a big party and the staff was very accommodating.
Delicious bagel sandwiches.  They do not cut corners and give you proper amount of each topping.
Employees of this  Giant  Eagle  can be summed up in  5 words  I DON'T GIVE A F@@k !
Perfect fast food. Congee is tasty and the rice noodles were very 'wat'. Highly suggested!!!
I enjoyed the breakfast burrito and liked the taste I had of my friend's french toast.
Good food, bad service. Glass of Dr. Pepper $2.50 and a small glass.  Sausage and eggs very good!
So long Pete's....Hello Ed's!!! This place is what I Remember back in tha day! Definitely a must.
Great place will for sure return for sure, grills work great and the service is friendly.
Hand down the best barbers in AZ!!!...  these guys are straight professionals at their craft!!...
Best Vietnamese food in town. The pho is incredible. Always busy, but quick and efficient service.
fast, quality service , I always come for efficient oil changes  Great customer service via Barry
Came here after a long night at a strip club! Such bomb Mexican food! Good way to end The night!
Husband loved the espresso and I absolutely loved my cafe mocha.
Love them! Love Candice. :-) Always have a great color experience
Outstanding new nightlife venue with a talent roster that is second to none...
I love their Kadai Paneer. If you have a cold, you will be cured. I swear.
Great fish fry and excellent service! As fellow WNY peeps we loved the vibe of the place!
Nice and dark.  And good service.  And to boot the machines are a little loose.
Prices seemed high on the meat and cheese, but I LOVE the pre-made Thai meals.
Great place with great pasta! I love the big rig with chicken it never disappoints
trying to call to make an reservation but no one answered the phone. i've called about 10 times?
The food was very good. Looks like it could be busy in the summer.  In the winter it was very quiet.
Brunch was fabulous.  Good food, good service and beautiful surroundings.
Fun, friendly "Old Vegas" local bar. Owners are fun, food is good and bartenders are amazing.
Quick and convenient. Ordered the chicken quesadilla :) pretty great portion for airport food.
Great Greek food. Delicious and huge assortment of donuts! Worth stopping in for a treat.
I love this place!!  Great food! Great service! I got the Pernil Saadi and it was heavenly!
The fries are amazing!  Loved the wings.  Pizza very good.  And the bathrooms were clean too!
Great food and nice size portions. Prices are pretty good. One of my new favorite places to eat.
Meh.
The AYCE menu is pretty dope. I highly recommend urchin sushi. Fresh, buttery and tasty!
Zack is a great guy! The whole team here is absolutely amazing!!
Love this place, Chris always takes care of me! It's really far from me, but I love love love going!
Everything here is fantastic! I'm not a vegan but I still love all of their yummy food!
Salads are amazing especialy the nicoise!Nice VEGAN options, everything else is also good!
Amazing top tier shop, their own private blends made by a world famous char company are s treat
Yummy & tasty pizzas! Good prices and quality ingredients! Definitely would come her again :)
For a treat, try the pumpkin drizzle muffin. Yum!
Come early...or you'll be in line forever.
Organized! Love their car rental facility!!!
Fun, the piano players were very entertaining.   Service was good.  We would go back for more.
Une activit  le fun. J'adore leur forfait super-rambo avec le fusil semi automatique !!!
Tester c'est adopter c'est toujours bon et copieux  Avec une vue agr able sur le parc
Very very good! The cucumber sauce and roasted red pepper sauces are delicious and tastes so fresh!
I loved this monorail. What a great addition to LV and convenient, stress free way to get around!
Oh. My. God. The Caramel cake here tonight. Looked so unassuming. Was So AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!
Good service good food! we did the AYCE and loved the riceless roll. Wine is expensive.
This ppace never disappoints me. Great service , great food, and AMAZING sangria! must try!!!
New bartender can't stop foul mouthed.  Not pleasant for kids. Second time with new one may be last.
so bad.....cant begin to tell you. ....only indulge if its a last ditch scenario....sorry, truth.
Came in to make a reservation days in advance, when came in they had no records of it.
Best filipino restaurant in town! Staff was sooo nice and food was sooo yummy! Im def going back!
Go here when the Ste-Doroth e location is too packed
How the shit do you run out of extra crispy, original recipe, and pot pies at the same time?
Great price. Easy and fast service and good washes have no complaints. Glad it's near by!
Steffan was extremely helpful in answering all my questions and even providing ideas etc. thanks!
The worst machines ever seen. If u want to make some $$$ do not even spend a scent here...
Kids eat free on Tuesday nights. This was a pleasant surprise.
Love the pat bing su aka diamond ice!
This is the most junkie strip club I ever seen! Maybe because I m from Miami, but damn!
We will definitely try it again next time we are in the area because the steak was so good.
Ly is a great manicurist, and pedicurist.  Always a good visit with her. Lovely salon.
Darryl L was super attentive and on point.  Made great recommendations!! Overall amazing service!!
Outstanding Tacos here I highly recommend this place to everyone who loves good Mexican food!!
Lunch at fat Choy !! Pork belly baO teriyaki chicken & classic burger all a hit. Attentive service.
They served good food. Naans are made to order.  Food was quite good. And they are open 24 hours.
Great place! Food is amazing. I had the porc scallop and I didn't expect it to be as good!
Good food. Really great staff. Quick service and a solid bar to go to. Will be coming back soon. :)
Good food, quick service. Great margaritas, half price on Mon and Tues. Otherwise-pricey at $8 each.
Quick and scrumptious.
I enjoyed my meal here and was tempted to have the veg tasting menu but it pretty overpriced.
It was ok to me - the bagel was a little tough & didn't really care for their coffee.
Awesome--love thieir food! Authentic and reminds me of mom n pop Mexican restaurants in Denver.
Good quality fish with friendly service.  It beats the other neighborhood Sushi restaurants.
Great service from Quintin! Happy to have more nice options in the neighborhood.
I guess an Ultimate Sausage Burrito doesn't come with sausage.  Should have asked for it.
Best bbq and service I have had in awhile portions are huge everything fresh and hot spread the word
This place is soooo awesome. Nice place to hang out! Love the vibe. Las Vegas hot spot!!!!!
good food good drink, reasonable price. My kids love the desert and food.
No longer taking online orders through grub hub..... Lost me.
Nice atmosphere and friendly staff! Nice to have this place to relax at when needed.
Amazing cold brew, customer service, and pastry selection. I'm hooked!
Unbelievable food - OMG Curry Chicken and ice creams will be back soon !!!
This place is awesome!! The staff are kind and my daughter loves it !! Its good for all ages !!
Awesome!! Hot Dog on a Stick with a drive through! What else could we want in life!!
This is the best place, love the Doctors and the way they have treated my babies, ie cats, kudos.
Great enchiladas, beans, and rice. Packed for lunch so plan ahead. Consistently good.
Yum! The line was out the door but it moved quickly and the food was fresh and delicious!
Great service all around for my 1st visit at there new location. I will be returning!
Great prices and great staff. Dylan has helped me several times and is very knowledgable.
Love the pomegranate with protein boost. Can't even tell there is protein powder in it.
Amazing message, incredible music, and fantastic customer service -- friendly staff!!
Loved this Mexican restaurant! Great food, ambiance and drinks! I'd go back here anytime!
Ok food. Ok service. Left smelling horrible of cigarette smoke.
XCLLNT service!  FABulous alteration/repair!
Gorgeous view. Way better than the other incline. Was able to check it off my bucket list. Win!
The Chicken Parm sub was unreal for a pizza joint.
my love for now. every time pass by, want to have a drink here. good place for afternoon relax.
Awesome food and service, along with the pizza, check out the meatballs and bruschetta
Order the Pasta ai Funghi!! So delicious I almost cried :) As good as any pasta dish I had in Italy!
Solid, reliable, and down-to-earth. Best breakfast joint in Solon.
Great staff and service. Good food. Nice atmosphere. Outside patio to relax on the warmer days.
Always enjoy comming here.  Chicken and strawberry shakes. Usually not crowded. Quick service.
Great reliable service.  Definitely did his best to resolve all the plumbing issues we had!
Place is bad , overpriced and food was not cooked properly don't bother wasting your time and money
Best in town n I have been coming here for long time.
Mango ice cream is super good!!
found a bug in the dish. poor service and ask for tips. the worst restaurant I ever been.
Club sandwich all the way!!!  So good and yet so old school!
Good stuff!  I liked work by several of the featured artists, especially Sevki Kuzay.
Decent bahn mi and Thai iced coffee! Worth visiting!
Over rated- icy frozen yogurt. The topping selection is great but the icy frozen yogurt ruins it.
The three meat and veggie combo was nice and pretty filling for one person. Very friendly service.
Felibertos more older and classy brother. The food is simple and fresh. Best part was the salsa.
Bought fries. Ok. Nothing spectacular but better than fast food joints.
Had one of the best quality breakfast from the menu at the Venetian. Will certainly recommend it
Just okay. Wouldn't bother coming back, rather eat elsewhere. Prices are also a tad bit high.
$10 Friday Nights! Penny Drinks 9pm to Midnight!
Blanco Margaretas are fantastic. The  eviche was a great starter and loved the chicken enchiladas.
Good Hawaiian style food. Had the korean chicken w/ Mac salad taste pretty good.
It was very fancy mancy here. The food was ok. Just go to Studio B buffet. :)
Accidentally stopped by. Wow... great coffee. Remind me of Seattle local coffee. Good job!
I miss this place. :-(
A gem of the Northside! Great brews. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great staff.  Love it!
the only pho joint that matters in toronto. they need an east end location so badly.
Great selection of beer. I love that red stripe is always on sale. lol
Mike did an awesome job servicing and maintaining my pool!  Highly recommend him!
Very consistent food. Definitely a second best to P.F. Chang's.
Nobu has bad quality and is overpriced. I have spent $8000 here and they are elitist and racist
Always a favorite place for brunch in Vegas. Great ambiance and food with bottomless mimosas.
Job was done well, Nice Tech person, seemed competent.
Needed my Filipino food fix, fried bangus & Tocilog !
Sorry I waited so long to try this place.  Worthy of the Best Of Vegas Awards.
Terrible service brown celery tasteless wings nonexistent waitress wish I could give minus stars
Smoking and non smoking sides.  Easy parking!
Cute little brewery! Always feel welcome. :) my favorite is cruising down the street and peach sour!
This place is awesome!! We had a great time there and our bartender Donovan was helpful and funny.
Great place for breakfast...love M @ M Omlets! And corned beef hash!
another must stop Irish bar in LV...hard to get into on St. Patricks Day so go early and stay late.
Lovely menu, I love the pizza and french fries. Upscale food that isnt weird or trendy.
Another positive experience!! Thank you for such great service and prices!! Unbeatable in Vegas
We absolutely loved it here and so dos our daughter! I wish we would have found it sooner!!!
Best place in Gastonia, it's not even close! Try it as soon as you can. Great ambiance great food.
2 salads, 2 iced teas, and the new  Moroccan Flatbread= Best Lunch in town.
Super friendly service.  DELISH brick oven pizza.  cooked to perfection!!! =)
This location has closed
Brionie was great!  I would definitely recommend to anyone.
Good wings. We typically order their cajun and garlic parmesan wings.
Taste jus like hm but far frm hm... I love it! cheap and gives a lot of food! gotta love it
Fast, Friendly and knowledgeable. I had documents notorized and package shipped in same visit.
The food is okay, there wasn't much fillings in their lumpia and their cheese Ragoon.
Since the remodel, this location has gone uphill quick--yay! Much cleaner, awesome staff....
Excellent experience! Lovely view of the inner garden. The Branzino Fish was cooked to perfection.
Yum! Amazing BBQ! Great friendly staff!
Very clean and modern rooms. The staff were friendly and helpful.
Amazing quality  food.  Good service with a smile.  Second visit here both times awesome
Forget Jared and Subway.  This is the place for a sandwich!!!  Try it, you will like it.
The best Primanti's in town! Always good food and the staff is great!
Another Gyro. The best I've ever had. Even my other half loves their food & he doesn't like Lamb.
Great staff and great service. Not even one minute wait they take care your needs asap.
Loved it. Food was great, service was great. Not easy to find, but worth the search!!!
Completely over priced! Okay food but not mind blowing.
Is it just me or has the size and ( box ) of the chick strips have SHRUNK?
Awesome upstairs with an outdoor but feels like indoor bar.  Good food with an expansive menu.
Great little place.  Breakfast burrito and a couple of drinks hit the spot.  Highly recommend.
Juan and Alex were very friendly anD help. Their products are good quality and prices are fantastic!
Decent pedicure for the price, but could have used more massage time.
we went there for st, patrick day. Two harps bottle beers and 12 oyster costs $40.
Really enjoyed the wings from this place last night. Great flavor and price. The fries were perfect.
Petite place ordinaire pour prendre un brunch. Le service et l'addition  taient corrects.
Delicious carne asada tacos! Just went for lunch and it was delicious! Will definitely visit again.
Not bad I'm hoping they will keep the hours open till 3 am we will come back
Commercial art. Fine for decorating.
overpriced, employees have no idea what they are doing.  Tons of homeless outside asking for money.
DELICIOUS!! The Cubano sandwich goes hard!  Good to pickup. Atmosphere needs some work.
Manager was great! Very accommodating with the dog and that really made the difference
Wonderful selection of High Quality Stone; Super-friendly Sales Service.
Easy layout. Got slot machines. It's Vegas.
Average Chipotle close to the university. They should really peel the dry skin of onions.
A little pricey- but great decor and bfast. The brisket hash breakfast was very good.
Awesome food, great service, and within a short drive of Nellis AFB. Definitely recommended!
I walked in and they fixed my necklace in short order and for free! Grateful!
Went there a few times, nice ambiance, good food, great portions and attentive service.
their tapioca on the UBE shake is old, the tapioca is hard. Bangus tasted good tho.
Coming from a native Texan, this is top notch BBQ!!! Made me feel at home and loved the staff.
Great family business! Great food! Fast lunch!  My lunch spot anytime on on this side of town!
Despite breaking up a brawl staff was great food was good and hopefully the trash filters out
Poor Customer Service.  Fake promises.  Overall waste of time.
House noodle was alright... I like their banh xeo but it was slightly soggy underneath
Super cool hidden gem for the magic world. Big open space for events and great staff.
Awesome, it's the FMLA companies that make pregnancy so frustrating.
definitely have to go back. had the mtn burrito. will stay and eat next time
Great spot to come to and enjoy. Wasn't a big fan of the wait since it sometimes gets packed!
The waiting time is fucking long. The noodle is such a small bite. Never try this... Trust me..
Great spot for lunch. Quick service and fair prices for how much you get. Will definitely be back.
This place is very good an not expensive at all and have lots of donuts to choose from
$1 el pastor tacos, $1chips and salsa, $2 beers. happy hour 2-6 mon-fri. Cannot beat that.
Great food!  Great service!  Just wish I could eat as much as I used to in my twenties!
Great carpet cleaning service, would highly recommend. Very friendly and professional.
Honest shop that does honest work. Won't try to sell you something that you don't need. Will be back
Staff is very active they understand every detail of how you want things. The food is ok
Great spot. Good coffee, plenty of good space to work/chill, and wifi. Glad I stopped in.
Un service simple, des dames sympathique, et de la bonne bouffe de fast food ! J'ai bien aim  !
The portions have gotten way smaller ,, not the best waiter ,, not sure I would go back
The lady at the deli was friendly and made a killer turkey pest avocado sandwich!!! Mmmm
Great tacos and queso fundido. Margaritas were awesome. Service is very good.
Pros:Food is good, locations is pretty. Cons: not home made beans, bad service, very pricey.
Family owned and operated. Very friendly and clean with nice new beds. Love these guys!
I tried the buffalo chicken pizza! Amazing. Definitely one of he best I've tried on the west side.
Stay away from their service dept. Over 2700 for a a/c compressor and condenser replacement.
5 stars for the sliced pickled onions with bits of habanero, they made the tacos extra special
Great place for our shipping needs ! Friendly staff  in and out quickly very important! Thanks
Fantastic service and Steve was excellent! Fast clean and honest.
The best Grilled Chicken/Rice Teryaki Sauce Combo in Scottsdale. Cooked to perfection.
My favourite pizza place in midtown! Great prices for great pizza! And the cookies are YUM!
Awesome place! Very friendly and super helpful:). Happy to have found you! Thanks, Chris!
They fixed my galaxy s4 in a couple of hours. I can't even tell it was ever broken.
This place is amazing! Great service, food and environment :) I highly recommend this restaurant!
Always a long line despite many available registers.  Poor management wasting everyone's time.
Iced coffee and the scones are a beaut (as is the interior space). Highly recommended.
Great food, service and atmosphere.  Try the Black Rice and OX Tail Risotto.
Great fried chicken and pizza, good place to watch a game lots of Tv's
Smoke Pit is by far THE BEST BBQ in our area and its not even close!
Friendly staff and programs that work, they helped me get rid of chronic Achilles and shoulder pain!
Great local pub, nice atmosphere and good beer.  Friendly staff, live music on some nights.
Been here a couple times now & both were great. Best wings we've had in the city so far!
Still amazing! I've now had 3 different barbers cut me (Alex and Izzy now) and they are all great!
I wish they did keep a larger selection of sizes on hand.
Family friendly with delicious food! 4 stars only because I really wish they served margaritas!
Bad place specially when crowed. Made us wait a lot before giving us a table.
Great/standard breakfast food, fast and reliable service, good price!  Would definitely return.
nevermind.... ice den only bought chandler. too bad. they could have made somehting of this place./
Wicked awesome plunge.  Do it.  Twice or more.  Come at ten am opening.
Excellent restaurant. Good ambiance, great service and fresh sushi. My new favorite in the area.
I love this place! The food is good. The service is good. I just go for the hibachi!!!
Check this place out!!! Best Guacamole I've ever had!!!
Market has got everything you need and helpful people good stock of items I go there a lot
Blackened chicken torta.... Spicy n delicious..  Thanks Gina your service was immpeckable!!
It's a nice cozy place but food's not great and the place looks untidy on the outside.
Horrible customer service and the office attendant is extremely rude and unprofessional go elsewhere
I was informed by the cook/owner that they no longer use any MSG in there menu.
The absolute best tart cabbage/noodle soup and dumplings EVER!  It was awesome.
Great food and a cool atmosphere! Vegas needs more places like this outside of the strip casinos.
Incredible dumplings and pretty good service! Would highly recommend to dumpling lovers.
I liked the 24hrs part ! They use actual, real ice cream in the shakes, good selling point..
Beef carpaccio is orgasmic! And don't forget to try the mushroom grits and quail egg pizza.
Upscale interior, good music, great service, and $2 happy hour after work. Need I say more?
Good spot to do some work. Communal tables in the front, more loungey seats at the back
Absolutely hilarious!!!! A lot of swearing, but that doesn't offend me!  I had a blast!
My absolute FAVORITE casino! Love the rooms, drinks, tables slots! Perfect spot off the strip!
Crust is chewy.  Pizza is below-average.  Nice owner though.
They are honest and have great customer service just like all of the other reviews say.
I just got a natural dried flower hombre manicure, and I love it! Thank you Hollie Nails!
The meal was great the service a little slow but everything tasted great and staff was very friendly
Good beer list, but the menu and service are poor at best.
always crowded. people there aren't very  friendly or kind.  i hated working out here.
Best ever. Tons of beef, deep mushroom flavor, salty and rich cheese sauce, total mess. Get crunch.
Great delicious food and really good people. Finally I can taste real Mediterranean flower.
The only free standing Starbucks in the area.  Large seating area, plenty of parking.
We have always had good experiences at East Maryland. We have faith in the doctors and the staff.
Gina did arrangements for a baby shower and they were amazing!!!  Reasonably priced too
The worst towing company they're two hours lat already if I could give zero stars I would
Service was great! Buffet had variety and everything we tried was tasty. The ambience was nice too.
Real close to work. Ordered chicken fingers. Great! House potato chips! Amazing.
Good pizza.  Baked fingers which is always a nice change of pace. Owner is super friendly.
Just went to get a EB and they are closed until Oct 1st for renovations.
The mahi mahi tacos are the bomb. So is the dirty steak burrito! Thumbs up for friendly service too!
Nice ambiance, decent food, good service, and friendly staff.
Great service!!  Prompt, efficient, cost effective with excellent results.  Highly recommend !!
Full five stars. Every visit is consist. It exceeds our expectations time and time over again.
Great service and yummy all you can eat menu. My husband and I were pleasantly surprised!
Love this place! Great value and so many options!  Can't go wrong with anything you get!
These guys are awesome and will be buying from again.  Literally saved me hundreds on my tv stand.
Delicious beers. I had the sour pineapple beer (several times) and was a very happy camper!
Small hidden, clean nice staff good food. Had the house special noodles very refreshing.
Delicious, great service, wide variety of options! Have brought so many visitors here!
Had a lamb burger here that was so good I regret how far away I live from this location.
This place is like an over-priced Chili's or Chedders.  Save your money and go somewhere else.
Great staff and the banana nut muffin is to die for! It was so good :) Will definitely come back!
Love this place!! The food is good and so is the service. The owner, Brian, is awesome too!!
Service was good, extra options for buffet area.
Atmosphere is awesome and coffee good.  Great alternative to my usual Starbucks
Outstanding Italian!  Great specials every day.  Flat out a can't beat place!
Intimate dinning environment with care put into every dish.
So good! Portions are big, atmosphere is great and the chicken smells and tastes like a fantasy!
Foods pretty good. The price is a little more than comparable places but it's still worth it.
Horrible customer service. Love the prices but don't like the vibe when I'm in there.
Great customer service. Very friendly and helpful.  George is fantastic! We love our bed!
This restaurant is still very good. I come here and i always like the food. Al sham beef combo
Always enjoy eating here. Salad bar is always stocked. Atmosphere is generally quiet.
great food... love the pad thai....awesome atmosphere...
waste of time going here they mix up food orders and undercooked food never get any money out of me
Pretty solid.... As good as House of Prime Rib in SF, and they will seat you on time.
Liz the waitress was GREAT!  She did a wonderful job. We had a party of 12 and she was fantastic!!!!
Art plus coffee shrouded with records (yes records); it's quaint and laid back. Cool place.
Did not catch smallest problems to biggest and very expensive problems.
Awesome bbq. Get there early... the brisket sells out quickly. Very reasonable and authentic.
Very unclean place with very unclean toilets. Poor service. Rude owner and rude service.
Great food. The quiche Lorraine was exceptional!
Food is pretty decent German fare and beers, while expensive, are large. Not a bad bar at all.
Place is ok. Super busy and the staff is friendly. Food takes a long time, though.
Delicious hamburgers, hot dogs, and fries!   A bit pricy, but once in a while it is worth it!!!!
Good for Gluten Free. I had the Bowl. Easy in and out. Located close to Case Western.
Very friendly, customer oriented salon. They seem to really care about the condition of your nails!!
I let NO ONE else touch my bike.  Been a loyal customer for 2 years.  Good, good guy.
A bar with good sound!  and a good beer selection!  why'd they hide the door?
Tasty Food. What Else?
Goat roti and jerk chicken on my first visit. I will be coming back many, many times.
Wow.. I am a Vegas native and this is the best Mexican restaurant in town. My new favorite.
Best Tom ka soup in town! I also love the Pad kee Mao. Great vegetarian and vegan options!
Good people good food... Go for the bacon wrapped hotdog and add to your hearts content.
Stopped in for a few subs to go. This is one of the best subways around. Good job Stephanie!
Garlic balls and chicken Marsala.     Great food!  Pizzas are good and the prices are cheap.
very good and the subs are super good
Master Yoon has great teaching skills and my kids loves his classes!! Definally #1 master in town!
My chicken was bomb!! I loved the strips!!! The location is small and not a lot of room for dining.
Great food. Had the Fish and Chips. Wonderful!   Excellent service and good size portion.
I love their mee katang! The service is great! The gathering service is perfect for events.
The sea urchin here is amazing... Had a lovely dinner with my mom, thanks Le Pier 66. :)
the best ramen in town. TanTanmen are super super good!!! They are in my must eat list in Vegas!!!
Came here with my mom for lunch and she ended up choking on a piece of wire in the pork!!
Did not have a good experience. The eye exam doctor was 45 minutes late for our appointment.
Nice and friendly front office staff. Very knowledgeable vets. good hours.
Crazy delicious fish tacos.  Crazy pretty waitress Kaitlyn. She treated Erin and I great.
GREAT meal! All of the sushi was excellent and the seabass with miso is a must have!
Great beer selection  Food is mediocre  Great place to stop by after hitting the bike trails
So friggin good! And so cheap! Literally the best frozen yogurt + topping I've had in Vegas.
Really good food.  We have gone several times and it's consistently good food and decent service.
Great Boba, love the ice cream from the bay. My kids love this place great customer service.
great puzzle, nice place, lots of fun!
Do not get the house margarita!!  Tastes like cheap tequila on ice.
Excellent food and service. Been here 4 or 5 times and always busy. Would highly recommend.
Best kept secret in Toronto the food that they make I don't think you can get better food in Toronto
Good buffet.  Popular place for locals. Decent selection of games.
the best tacos in old town on the set! fuck mr. mesquite they suck and they're meat is dry as hell.
Clean  Friendly Good Great bread  Not cheap  Try the pastrami on orig bread
Food: good Service: average  Came here on a Monday. Cozy place, had breakfast and studied.
Great for. Their stew are real not from msg. I ll go there everyone I visit Las vegas
Found my new to go spot! I was very happy with the results. kimmie did an amazing job.
this place , pho bosa, is also known and yelp reviewed , as Bosa Boba
One of the top breakfast spots in Phoenix.  Not as good as Matt's, but not as crowded either.
I went with my two brother's and my niece/nephew. Nice light for this holiday season.
Great food and service. The venue is beautiful overlooking the bellagio fountain show.
Super ambiance, super accueil et d'excellent sushi. Je pense que j y retournerais souvent!
I love this place. I didn't care for the chicken skins but everything else was great.
Great staff, great food! Not just a fantastic badger football game beer garden!
Great way to relieve stress and tension. The ladies were great and very accommodating.
Nice Vietnamese rea Tita time close to home. I really like their spring roll water bowl. Super cool
Kelly did a wonderful job filling my lashes.  Would definitely go back.  Thanks.
We went there only for their delicious banana cream pie. Great server at the bar!  Go there!
The beat shop in town, staff is great and flowers are superb. I highly recommend this place!!!
The staff at night make the best flat white coffee that I've had in T.O.  Free wifi good.
Great food, great service and great prices! One of my favorites. Oh and the margaritas are awesome
Amazing food descent prices will go back in a heart beat....
Professional and good massage. Small but cute room.
Really good food in a tucked away location. Margaritas are good too, and free evening parking.
Pas mal pour manger une bonne viande.  Compter 35 Dollars pour un plan.
The service here is the second to none. The food is very Consistent.  Pancakes Are to die for!!!!
We love Hearthstone! The service is always excellent and the bacon wrapped dates are a must try.
I love the beer, ambience, music and potato wedges!!!!!!! Can't get enough of this place!
Delicious hamburgers with natural fries. Is always very crowded but worths the waiting.
The Dim dum not very fresh , service was fast and friendly . Not much to choices  . FOOD was just ok
Really good, I just wish they opened a couple hours earlier.
After an unpleasant encounter with the Ansel law firm, I was delighted with my treatment here.
This formerly great steak house has closed after 51 years.
Awesome donuts. Maple bacon and cinnamon  rolls all the way. Great staff. Always friendly
Oscar and the yard team will work fast and show you the granite you need to make the right choices!
Excellent class! Excellent instructors! Great atmosphere! Loved every minute!
It really hits the spot and they have Kool-Aid
Bunny's fav breakfast spot in vegas! We always get the adobo fried rice and an order of pankcakes
Very good show.  Great for the whole family.  Wife and I went and both really enjoyed it.
Gas prices are good if you pay cash. Cigarettes are overpriced! Shop Dotty's for best deals.
Another Thursday night and they didn't mix my Blizzard properly. Time to write to corporate...smh
This Putters has slots, 2 little pool tables, dart games, and the BEST BARTENDER EVER... James!!!
Incredible food, incredible service, amazing prices, fed a family of 5 breakfast for under $70.
Love the doughnuts, muffins, timbits and sandwiches. Typical Tim s that s always kept clean.
Im soo sad. I was going to come here on my trip back to AZ :(
This place is the bomb. Wings are Devine and crunchy and jumbo sized. Get the half and half wings.
Excellent everything. YUMMMMM! Nice atmosphere good people great food.
If you are looking for Authentic Mexican food - stop your search-  You'll find it here.
Quite pricy for itsportion and really salty. Service wasn't great, either.
Rude, disrespectful and obnoxious. Will never come back here again. Don't waste your time or money.
Best dirty martini in vegas, we love this spot. The Streak Is Perfect the service is awesome too.
Chicken fried rice Yum. Friendly employees. Could have been cleaner.
Came here for girls lunch. Sushi is fresh! Love the tsunami roll and shrimp lollipop appetizer.
Getting seedier, but still a great place for vintage shops, restaurants and street life.
Amazing food and wonderful customer service.  I can't stop bragging about this place!!
Excellent place, good food, drinks, and general atmosphere. The main guy Ricky is really cute.
Great food.  Fun to do.  VERY expensive!
Food and the view were simply amazing. Service was a bit slow. A great place for a date night
Better than Texas de brasil. Still expensive but it was a ton of food, it just kept coming
It's my second time eating at this place and the service match the food quality...AMAZING!
Awwww yeaaah!   Awesome service, awesome sammiches, cheap!  And we met some Cubs players there.
Good Happy Hour... Jasmine and Robin were an awesome team ! Loved them !
I love this place! It has a great environment with awesome  music and even better food!
Best bagels outside new York or jersey. Great job bagel man!!!
Awesome place, great masseuse, (Tom) Very professional, very pleased :)
Nicely appointed, well kept. outside of the restaurant customer service did not truly impress me.
Cozy and warm place, little pricey .. but my oatmeal was yummy , i like the wood decoration.
Terrifically nice guy. Caring and available. A rarity these days.
I love their rice balls!!    Food is generally good.  Parking is easy.
Best Shakes in Town, sorry Steak N Shake Freddy's has you beat!
Food great even though timing is slow but that just due to less staff working the place
Very knowledgeable proprietor and huge selection!  A pleasure to visit and browse here...
Good tacos and great atmosphere. The pond was teeming with wildlife and a very good place
Great menu. Delicious food. Some of the best sunsets in the world out on the patio.
Great work!  Time to bring my new truck in for some work.  Thanks
This place does horrible work! I've had better car washes at the Chevron up the street!
Perfectly crafted coffees, delicious biscotti, atmosphere is A+. Our favorite Sunday treat.
Amazing Wood-fire Pizza! Best that I've ever had.
Cool spot with all your toiletry needs when in Vegas =)
Pricey but good quality furniture.
Great food. 90 beers on tap. The service is quick. Try the ribs they are a full slab of perfection.
Comfortable rooms. Attractive lobby. Friendly personnel. Great happy hour specials in bar.
Turkey burger was amaz-balls. You must come to this place because it's amazing-balls.
authentic with a touch of fusion. will come back for the rest of the menu.
Incredible. Love this place!  Best view of the strip!  Fabulous cocktails, service & VIP tables.
McCarran is a great airport quick and easy. I love how easy it is to find where your going.
Best Mex in Pittsburgh.   Margaritas are phenomenal.  Staff and mgmt are great.  Food is fantastic.
Friendly staff and Great food!! I love their vijayawada chicken boneless biryani. Will visit soon!!
The Lobster Roll Caesar Salad was very good, and the service at the bar was great!
Great service from Scott McEwen. Friendly and courteous staff and great selection of vehicles!
Excellent staff great authentic Mexican cooking, nice location with a nice view. Recommend highly
Good food. But whenever I ask for a coffee it tastes burnt. Only go there to get tea when I need to.
The other Thai Restaurant that I really like. Good proportion of food and the taste is really good.
This subway gives military discounts!
I have never been disappointed at double D. The food and service is always consistent.
Great atmosphere and healthy food!  Fair prices too.  I haven't had one bad meal here!  Must try
Food was awesome! Service could've been a little better but best burger on the strip soo far!
Great Chinese and Japanese food and service. Thankful for this place right in Tega Cay!
Samosa chaat is soooo delicious give it a try!!!
Easy airport to get around. Lots of little shops, and a few slot machines if you're into it!
This place has definitely gotten better.  New taco options with lots of variety.
Spicy fries are good and cheap! Friendly service and cheap beers,  so overall I am happy.
I heart Harkins. Have for years. Love the loyalty cups & t's.
Eco Friend did a fabulous job!  They're a pleasure to work with - we will absolutely have them back.
Go on a sunday, get the three course special (20 bucks), enjoy your life. You're welcome
Will definitely return. Delicious omakase signature dinner.
The food was excellent. So glad we found this place! I wish we had one in Cincinnati!
Average quality of meats, Good service, seasonings are a bit strong.
The food is ok.  But it's a sad state when a burger, fries and a drink costs 9 bucks or more.
Definitely our favourite Italian restaurant in town! The food and atmosphere is just incredible !
Best coffee in Cleveland and flavorful roast. Super cool music and art too with a chill vibe.
So slow this time. The service is very bad. Sushi turned out to be not in service even in weekdays.
it's mr. "bee-leef in the lord"!
One of the best tapas places I've been. The food was amazing, and the place is very nice and trendy.
Great place for lunch or dinner Grimaldi's thin crust coal brick oven pizza is awesome.
This is a new place, though far from the strip, but the taste is really good!      
Great sandwiches, and you take em next door to eat in a bar (same owner). Thumbs up.
Food: Bad - Pathetic  Creativity: None  Space: Ample  Price: Ok  Service: Good
Siera gave me a great haircut tonight! I was impressed with the salon and instructor.
Genny's is a hoot! I'm def Straight but NOT narrow.
Gave me browning lettuce for my salad with chicken..... wont go back
Yummy!!! I had the tickle me pink chocolate cupcake which I enjoyed very much! Service was great!
excellent service and they did an amazing job repairing my shoes   Thanks
such a fun place. the figures look so real. nice staff.
Love this place! The food is SPICY hot and the sopapillas are to die for. Love it every time we go!
Awesome Jerk chicken, great serving sizes, and friendly service.  The wings are awesome too
I was able to get a same day appointment!! $50 copay SSSUUUUUCCCKKKED!
I love their flavored tea plus the bubble waffle. It's really good. I definitely come back again.
I always get the #10 combo... I love their chicken sandwich!!! I come here 3-4 times a week... Lol
Amazing food, amazing service from the GM and just a great reasonably priced experience!
Megan is the absolute best she does such an amazing job, 100% would recommend!
Very pleasant staff. If you're looking to sell video games I would suggest going elsewhere though.
Locals casino The number of pools is odd Did win fifty bucks
Very friendly and fast service. Staff is extremely pleasant. Spacious and well-organized.
Ask for Hazel as your waitress!! She is take care of you. She's the best. Get the BBQ nachos!
Scone and Roosevelt was amazing!!! Love the ambiance and history of the building/site!
Vermicelli pork soup was really good, definitely me and my husband will come back for more!!!
A must see if you love Motown Music!! All the singers are extremely talented and energetic.
Exceptional pizza and service! Highly recommend, first time here definitely coming back.
Tried the mojito la coco which is a coconut fish curry. Amazing. Yucca fries were good too.
Oh and get the weird maple candy waffles!
It' s great to be in Paris.. hoope sorry Calgary. Best croissant et pain au chocolat in town.
Soooooooooo out of this world good! If steak chicken and ribs are your thing! Great atmosphere!
Always great food! Love this place. Especially the appetizers.
Great bar! good drafts selection, nice staff, good events! Top 3 venues in Pittsburgh!
Sadly, this wonderful local, family place has closed down. RIP Shanghai, we hardly knew you.
Love my Ginger Hammer!  They make the best Ginger Hammer - apple, carrot and ginger.  Delicious!
have stayed at this property twice in the last 6 months...nothing short of PERFECT
Excellent set menu Dimsum. Pricy but worth every bite.
Won back $65 at the $10 blackjack table in this casino the next day. WOO HOO.
Worst Thai food I've had. Tasted burnt and very greasy and almost inedible. I won't come back.
They have the BEST wings...not fried! They now offer grass fed and hormone free burger...YUM!
Terrible experience. Charged my wife $400 for transmission oil change when not needed. Never again.
Long time for the meat come,  not well flavored meat. Don't waste your money, go for Fogo de Ch o.
Have had the Seafood nachos here and found the food to be pretty decent.  Will be back to try more.
Really good food!... Nice vibe... Definitely going to be a regular.... Prices reasonable
Good fish n chips. Best tarter sauce ever. Great Shepard's pie. Irish car bombs. Live music!
Craving New Orleans? Come here! Great food and probably the best French fries you will ever have!
Great place to hang out after work. Love their salmon, peach Bellini is good to try too.
Worst manicure/pedicure ever. Lots of bubbles in my nail and no top coat. Really disappointed!
Took an hour and 27 minutes to get 2 pancakes, and they didn't forget about us either
This is a wonderful Mexican restaurant that has a great setting it is surrounded by a man-made pond.
I absolutely love this salon! Best pedicure ever!! Would love them to do acrylic manicures though
The enchilada nachos are awesome! Make sure to try half red and half green sauce...yum! :D
Great ramen and pork belly. Yummy. Line up often long. Finish the soup to get a souvenir.
I did not have food but the happy hour sangria pitchers totally worth it! Justin is awesome !
Don't go here unless you want to be waiting for more than an hour each time you have an appointment.
I had my glasses and eye exam done here about a year ago , everyone was super helpful and friendly.
Great smokey tasting Omelette's and friendly staff.  Great experience at the airport.
Excellent food and Service from Jessica G. !! She's awesome!!!  Great wine selection too.
Super delicious. I had the 5 rolled taquitos with lettuce, guacamole, sour cream and cheese.
Clean and bright flavors with Friendly atmosphere.
It's helps when they actually cook the bacon that comes on the Bacon Tomato Cheese omelet. FAIL !!!
Kim was super helpful getting the exact silk fabric we needed for our project.
We had a great server but the food and the bartenders suck--save your money and go elsewhere.
They were all very helpful at the desk!! Got to let out all of my anger. Come check this place out!
I went for the first time a few months ago with a girlfriend and have loved it ever since!!!!!
Decent pizza, but the sauce was a little too sweet for me.  There's better pizza in North Hill.
Yummmm macaroon ice cream sandwiches!!!!! Husband gets the Nutella banana shake every time!
LOVE the family oriented vibe. Food is great.. Never disappointing. Katsu curry and donburi!
Did not like the food.  Typical poor salty Americanized Chinese food.  Go to Chinatown.
This is a fun place in a great location, but other than desserts the food is only so-so.
Easier to travel through here than in Chicago. TSA is quick. Good places to eat
Service is great, food is authentic, and the salad with the raisins is ridiculously good.
The worst....fourth in the 3rd line took every other cars around me...slow, rude NEVER AGAIN..
Great atmosphere.  Great food. Huge menu!  Friendly staff. Lots of healthy choices.
Best mani & pedi I have ever had.  Many compliments on nails.
Awesome place to go! Very competent and professional. I was impressed and appreciative!
Best Thai food around this neighborhood... Strongly recommended.... Two thumps up!!!!!!!!
Staff are cold and unfriendly. too many drunks and food is crap
Carmine is he best, reported within minutes, kind and professional. Will only do business with #1!
Ditto to the Wynn review (http://www.yelp.com/biz/wynn-las-vegas#hrid:PhvCukzEDhe2Q45IwuS5Kw)
Awesome tasting healthy food and smoothies and wonderful customer service! We will be back!
Love The Foundry!! Their classes are awesome! They have helped me with my neck and back pain!!
Very cute place. Although all foods are pre made. Cake was slightly dry but good flavor.
Typical airport with some slots to help pass the time
The Tonkuzu ramen is sucks. Noodles are blend, broth is tastless. Never come here again.
reba is the absolute best around.  all the staff are extremely helpful and accomodating.
Absolutely phenomenal food - incredible flavours, Great service. Would definitely recommend.
Best Burger in town. Friendly staff and good beer selection. Kobe beef and dried age was amazing.
I've ordered this pizza a couple times and it's always "meh". Not much flavor and very bland.
Best cornbread and potato salad in pittsburgh. No matter what you eat you must try those
A quick smog check. Alicia was awesome and took care of me in less than 15 minutes. $15 !
Not bad. Nice atmosphere. Good place to grab wine.
Fantastic pizza at a great price. This place is rapidly becoming my favorite lunch stop!
So good! Best vodka sauce and Italian dressing I've had.
Beer selection was fantastic! Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. It's a great place.
This place is awesome! Best sirloin ever! An all you can eat smorgasbord! I love this place!
Hollywood Ink is the ONLY place I patronize when I'm craving the needle...straight like daaat!!!
Old. Dingy. Bring on the CONSOL Energy Center.  Go Pens!
Great wings, Great variety.....always great to take a togo order to any drop in i attend
Good food, good crowd, good music, and weak beverage. My lemon drop tasted like pure sugar water.
The best prime rib I've ever had...
Great Italian food with amazing and friendly service. I'll definitely be back!
Sushi was very good. I didnt like the environment but its a very good option for take out.
Delicious food, amazing service, great experience! Highly recommend this place for any occasion.
Can't beat special Chirashi at Zen 8  You can enjoy free coffee after inside casino as well
It's a nice airport and has many places to eat. Security seems to get you in & out quickly.
Great prices, huge portions and friendly environment. Great place!
Love this place and their adobo fried rice!!! and the red velvet pan CAKES???? WOW laulau  must try!
The service was horrible. The waiter bring me my Bloody Mary drink and spill it on me.
Food and service is excellent. Sunset is a very busy restaurant and any lineups move fast.
Loved it here! The best eggs benedict!
Great customer service! Never a long wait! Good product!
This place is crazy busy .. I guess bec of the location and they have that kid playland thing.
Fast?
It was OK but still better than a lot of places. I order carry-out and it took awhile for my order.
We really enjoyed this show. Nice production in a small theater with a talented cast.
Best bike store on the planet. Great staff and great selection on everything.
2nd time visiting here for AYCE sushi.  Always quality cuts and good service.  Love it!
The food was great!  And the staff was even greater!!  Would recommend Pho Bosa to anyone.
Great place! Homey, friendly, great food and giant proportions at a reasonable price.
Jeremy in the service dept. did a great job.  Closest HD shop to me.
Free entrance if you print coupon from their website
Delicious! Fast (when there isn't a 12 person line!) and great priced. Must eat for a good dog.
Second trip to Bonsai... very fresh food, service was great. Excellent food, service and prices.
Exceptionally good patient care; with Avery friendly staff. Would highly recommend to anyone.
A bit out of my price range...but I love coming here to look and get ideas.
Amazing place. Good quality ingredients. Very fast service. Plenty to eat. Meals packed with flavor.
Bad and rude service. Food bland and dry.  Not as good as it used to be.
Cheap and tasty food. Watch out for the salsa it packs a punch.
Great sushi and sake!! A bit pricy.. but hey....
I've worked with Suki on a number of occasions and he and his team always do a great job. :-)
Great ambience and superb service but the price not worthy for the 5-course tasting menu.
Nice place small buffer great for veg's - visit once a month veggies thali $6 better than a mac
My daily breakfast spot while staying at encore. Love the vegan florentine "eggs" Benedict.
This park is amazing and gorgeous! Great place to fish,  walk or take your family to.
Phoning it in. Eat here if you like microwaved food and meat that's near its use by date.
This place is great.  Absolutely one of the best pizzas here.  Dont miss out!
Incredible selection of sashimi & Poke - ready to go atop rice or greens, excellent teas too! Yum!
Yum, best fajitas ever! Great atmosphere, music, location by the aquarium.  Will go back for sure!
Meatball and ricotta ...or pepperoni and mushroom with extra sauce.
Place has great service and food is good. Love the nem nuong lol I might have spelt it wrong
Very nice cakes, got the pink velvet and really loved, carrot cake with no carrots enough said ;)
The buffet provided satisfying foods with various and delicious meats. Sean was an excellent waiter.
Best Chinese food spot in New Kensington. No doubt this place is the real deal.
Cheap, good, and has a drive through! A rare combo!
I'm going to keep this review short and simple.  BEST corned beef ever.
Love this place! Great food and service, super cute! My entire family loves this place!
This place was good but more upscale than the dive-y authentic Mexican we were looking for.
Best breakfast in town. If you're not there at the crack of dawn, expect to wait in line. Worth it.
Great place to grab a drink at sunset, they have a balcony overlooking a good chunk of old town.
Great flavor and creative for the first vegetarian restaurant in Calgary.
Great restaurant and delicious Pho, I have come back here a few times great service and atmosphere.
Food is ok once you get it. I've been waiting 45 minutes and counting for 6 tacos and nothing.
Thank you for the awesome experience today. I loved my brisket. We sure will be back for more.
No wait staff, go to counter and order...$5 Yuengling pitchers hell yea and great pies
Perfect, delicious donuts. It's our neighborhood's best donut shop. :)
Can't beat watching planes while enjoying breakfast.  Great local hangout.
Nice beds and pillows, otherwise it's a dump!  Ants in bathroom!
Excellent service, great place to do yoga. Had a great experience and will come back again soon.
Only airport I know that has slot machines EVERYWHERE!  Luckily I didn't get sucked in...
A trully Vegas hangover cure!   Lobster roll Sunny terrace with The Bellagio fountain backdrop
Yummy, huge, messy bacon burger. Very friendly service. Will be coming back soon.
Great service and very clean. Close to home and always coupons. Like the photo department
Incredibly tasty food, and very pleasant staff. I would drive from Milwaukee to come here any time!
Love it. Great food. Great late night. Great bartenders. Awesome ambiance. Classy 50s
Neat idea, but not the best pizza. I just assume go to Papa Murphy's and cook it myself.
Excellent food ! deserts are home made. Prices very reasonable
Crumb cake donut:  Decent donut. Soft cakey texture.  But not something I'd go out of my way to get.
Delivery is quick. Boiled sliced fish and whole fish dry pot are good choice if u like  hot dishes.
Excellent breakfast sandwiches, personable service. Great for early business meetings!
Awesome sushi! BYOB is nice. Ginza roll is a must-have!!
They have the best chicken pesto sandwich!! You can't beat the price, $8, and it came with fries.
Delicious food, fast service, friendly staff...what more could you want? I'll be back!
Hot chocolates were great. Warmed us up after stroll in cold rain
Purchased the blue ink which had been used. Really feel very bad about this!
Wish I could give zero stars.. horrible service.. bartender was rude.. and bar is terrible looking
A bit off the beaten path, but a worthy find. They have great empanadas.
Great food. Really good and friendly service. My new favorite breakfast place. Five stars from me.
It's okay, not here nor there.  Ingredients taste middle of the road and fish wasn't amazing.
They have some of the greatest Pho, I have been to a few but this is by far the best.
Not happy with results of my color from Kirsten beware she is horrible in color. She damage my hair.
Another amazing night at the brickyard! Food was awesome and drinks were great!
Great night At Noras. music was great. Great friends , Dinner,  Music and dancing. Fun fun fun
a main stay good fresh food. this last trip had poorer service but the food was great.
This the spot, I go all the time. If your craving a good burger and fries then this is the place
They use The best flour there is for pizza...... "Antimo Caputo 00" ..... Fantastic pizza.....
Food, service and atmosphere were great! The cocktails are superb. Definately a place to revisit!
Chloe is a friendly, cute server!! :) pizza was delicious and she was great at recommending drinks!
Great service, great pricing. Won't hurt to give Rob a call!
First time visitor. In town for light up night. GREAT CUBAN AAND RUM!!! Thanks a ton Bob and Jason!
Best chicken I ever had in my life. Overpowering with flavour, and not too pricey either.
Always come out of here happy and looking on point. Thanks, Andy! Went in for a fill and color.
Excellent Doctors, staff and office!  State of the art diagnostics.  Highly recommend!
Fabulous food and exceptional service makes for a great dining experience.
Yum!  FYI if you use yelp directions they are wrong. It's ridge just south of snow road.
Great food! Excellent customer service! Best find in Concord for sure!
Great internet: great coffee -and drama.
Good Food. Friendly and speedy service.
Fabulous cup cakes. Red velvet followed by caramel apple are my favs!
Biggest selection in Las Vegas! Hese guys are nice to work with!
This place has food that this planet has never seen! Ask for the moon sauce. It's outta this world
Great food and even better service from Maddy!  I had the Wok Bowl with chicken, delicious!
didn't stay here but we gambled because they have penny video poker! Love it
My wife and kids like Smashburger but I find it a little to greasy. Its a good atmosphere and fun.
Good driving school. Peter is an awesome instructor. Classes were surprisingly interesting.
Always on point with their carnitas and prepared food, try the red menudo it's very good!
had their maple green tea, maple black tea and iced maple syrup on montreal high lights festival
The best place to go for breakfast PLUS they have fresh O.J!  Dr. Michael L. Johnson
Holy cow!! Their Gyros are awesome!!! Good salads too!  Service and prices are good too!
Love love love this theater. Amazing to sit down and eat during the movie. Staff is very attentive.
The food here is out of this world plenty of parking great service cakes are huge yummy yummy yummy
It's a little pricey, but almost everything is homemade. So good.
This is a great hotel. I always stay here when I'm in Vegas. Weird how u have to pay for parking now
Great food with friendly staff set the mood for a perfect meal.
A crazy busy airport. Does its job. Lol
For volleyball it might be good but if you like basketball it's terrible the floor is falling apart
Service could be better, but the drinks are good and the music is great. Hookahs are OK.
Way too spicy tried 2 different plates and couldn't eat them  chips and salsa where good though
Awesome show! The dancing and singing are very entertaining! The entire cast is extremely talented!
Bad service.. very expensive.. worst post ever. Very long wait time. I hate this place
Home run. Again.  Carpets cleaned perfectly.
This place rocks!  I have never been disappointed with anything on their menu! True Caribbean food!
The food her is great. I always order tacos and a torta. I highly recommend this place.
Great happy hour. Salmon yakitori and lobster tacos are a favorite.
Neat little dive bar, bartender was friendly, beer was cold.
Delicious food. Great option to add to the list.
Convenient locations and delicious Pad Thai, this is probably my most visited restaurant.
They are the best. My daughter feels confident now. I'm thankful to find them. Thanks a lot
It's was so yummy. Potcho sausage almost as good as home but da red velvet pancake was da winna!
Good price... Nice job... but A LONG WAIT...about 45 mins....I will Find a place that values time
Yummy. ....food was so good.....the staff was super nice.....they have happy hour  $1 off bowls....
Four minutes to cook a thin personal pizza pie.  Very nice.  Interesting toppings.
messed up our order mot only once but twice we had to pay for the unrecieved samosa chat to
Food has been consistent in flavor, portion, quantity every time we go. The service is excellent.
Thanks guys for a awesome haircut. This place is clean, chick beautiful. Definitely coming back!
Love this place and you can eat here gluten free!  Always tastes fresh! Reasonably priced too.
Awesome food, great karaoke environment awesome place. Cheesecake is bomb!
Tasteless, expensive waste of an evening. Pasta was undercooked with barely cooked vegetables.
Great spot for a pedicure and gel manicure.  Helen is amazing and do meticulous!
Great place, fast service, nice bunch of guys.
Great old time breakfast,  made to order your favorite way.  Just remember $$$. CASH ONLY. $$$$$
Love this place. Food is great and fresh. The beer selection is very nice.  Highly recommend
Terrific ice cream, decent price. Service is a little slow, but friendly.
So glad this yummy place is here for a quick healthy treat!!! Great job to the peeps working here!!
My brother got food poisoning from here because the chef wasn't being sanitary here. Don't eat here
My favorite breakfast joint in town. Always great good, good service, and perfect location.
Don't go here! I'm sure I got overcharged, and the massage chairs don't work!
It's so good, i never ever met the good place about thai massage like here. here is the best.
always my favorite super cute restaurant i'm very grateful to have it near me. always a go to!
This club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area.
Dr. Elizabeth Capps-Conkle is wonderful! She really cares, is very knowledgeable and helpful!!
Great selection and short drive from central Charlotte. Meeting Christian Eiroa wasn't bad either!!
Food tastes horrible. Service is close to excellent. Prices are approximately 18$ a dish.
Best happy hour, and most economical in town. Great service. Friendly service. Nice bar bites, too.
Great service and food... Get the potstickers!
This place is so good! Born and raised in Hawaii, best place to go in Vegas for local food.
My wife and I grabbed lattes to go.  They were great!
I love love their food. Pasta, pizza or sangria. I have the pesto e spinach almost everytime.
We have been waiting in the ER for 10 hours. 10 hours. There is no sense in that period.
Best sushi in the Lake Norman area.  Try the Summer Roll.
Yum yum yum!!! Love this place!! Great place to hang out and have a coffee and a doughnut!
The guys at SNV AC & Heating were fast, professional and no hidden fees.  Love that in a company!!!!
Super helpful and they were able to get my wedding programs printed and folded the same day! Yay
Finally a good Filipino restaurant that I can enjoy. Love the live music and awesome service.
Huge selection of flower. And for sure the best wax to pick from. This place has the best wax
Great food, friendly service and charming atmosphere. The kids loved the ducks and turtles!!
Billionaire Burger. The Funghi Burger. Fries.  Get them. The end. :)
Prime rib is absolutely delicious!  Very thick cut.  Pi a Colada (cocktail) is very good too.
One hour wait for a vehicle reserved 3 months ago....never never dollar or thrifty again
Fast, friendly, quality food and *ahem* ambiance.
           200       
Great place, great staff, and best olives in the city. Love it and love the staff.
Good vets, clean facility, reasonable prices.  Trio made of win.
Hands down the best chicken in the valley at an awesome price a must try to really know what I mean
Great eyebrow threading in the Southwest area. These ladies are detail oriented and very skilled.
The best haircut in Charlotte and fantastic service. Sam did a real good job, ask for him.
avoid!  got food poisoning from here.  and they wouldn't refund my money.  Jerks.
McCarran is pretty decent as far as airports go!! Easy to get around and decently well laid out.
Fresh ice cream, inventive flavors. I love the Bananas Foster and the Apple Cinnamon!
Alexis was the most amazing person ever. Come just to see her and the popcorn is great also.
Cheap drinks, a melting pot of patrons, and the best deep fryer in town -- what's not to like?
Dont order the porkbelly!unless you like raw shit! Food is terrible !! Service is even worse
Very good lychee and black sesame ice creams from this hybrid shop.
Great burgers and milkshakes!!!! Our waiter Robert was awesome, exceptional service!!!!
Great food and drinks and Morgan our server was amazing! Highly recommend the Brussel sprout tacos!
Everytime we come to LV for business, we definitely come here! It comforts our Chinese stomach
Totally worth it to pay $20 a bucket, nicest range I've been to in a while!
Clean, frendly and good menu.  Breakfast all day.  Second Saterday is 1/2 off all crepes. Yumm.
Tried 3 different dishes and was SUPER impressed.  A pretty penny but totally worth it.
 2 British Pub Garden  
Ask for Vanessa for a great men's cut.  She does an awesome job and the price is very reasonable.
Courteous Staff, Friendly Service, Comfortable ambience, Delicious Food!
Bland and overpriced. Good service however. Everything is extra, chips and salsa, sauce etc.
Love getting pedicures here. Great customer service and selection of pedicures is awesome!
Nicest and most caring vet that I've ever been to in Pittsburgh..
Awesome jerk chicken..plus they're open super late! Best late night food in the area!
This might be the best burger I ever had. Clean, fast, affordable, and fresh. This place is awesome!
Pos:Good show. Entertaining. Neg:Pushed DVD too hard.
I trust nobody else for the care of my father. Nothing but positives for this amazing place!!
Love this place. Great coffee, quiche, and location. They're doing the right things here.
Decent, diner/breakfast food. Sign up for their email club to get a free bear claw. Yummy!
They are now located in Suite 22. ( same shopping center) Beautiful decor and same awesome service!
Artsy Decent price one of the worst haircuts of my life. You will not see me there again.
Fresh sushi, fun atmosphere, great prices! The revolving conveyor belt is awesome!
a great place for relaxation.  had a great new years eve party there!
Excellent selection of Beers, great place in the summertime to sit back and relax.
Pasta here is amazing. Really a good place to chill out with friends around cityplace.
We were excited to find authentic food but didn't leave as happy customers. 2-3 stars
Wow! Super delicious :) I will totally order food from here again.
All you can eat tacos for 10$ on Tuesday! Amazing quality and flavor! I'll be there every Tuesday!
The rabbit!
Top brunch and coffee always. It gets a bit busy on weekends but it's definitely worth the wait!
Amazing service  Great food  Didn't feel rushed at all Sunday brunch was off the charts
Best barbecue place I've found in Pittsburgh.
Great place to grab a burger in Tempe.  Great food and you CANNOT beat their prices. Two thumbs up.
Great King crab legs!!! For $20 all you can eat!!! Friday only tho., and didnt like the wait.
Just found my new stylist, love Kelly and love my new hair ! Will definitely be going back!
Eric was friendly and knowledgeable, it was a drama-free experience!
Seen it. Get it. Average food. Service was ok. It has a ton of parking for downtown Tempe
Awesome customer service, amazing techs.
Loved that it was walking distance from hotel. Steak sliders and chicken fingers are amazing!!!
Service was a little slow but the sushi was great and tasted fresh.
Amazing views of the city. Fun atmosphere. Drinks were decent and service was as expected.
I  belief this place is close but the may have a web site......wonderful crosses
I don't mind this bar. It has decent priced pitchers and live music on certain nights.
Good cross section of fusion asian dishes. i have not been disappointed with the menu
It gets 5 stars for simply having a dunkin donuts! Bravo.
delicious food and nice service. the red potatoes, shrimp tacos and crab cakes were great.
The quality and service lacks, eye contact is avoided like the plague. No plans to return.
Its a water softener sales company. :( Did not like the experience.
Really enjoyed the BBQ ribs,spicy cheese kielbasa and hospitality. Good selection of beer on tap.
Yum!  This is the best steak I've ever had, after Ruth's Chris.
service was just as good as the food!!!
Wow this place was great , Amazing Rueban and fish Tacos are a must!! Service was also to the "T"
This is one of my favorite lunch spots! I love their soup and sandwich combo!
Great people, great cigars, great coffee, great music. Get it?  This place is Great.
Needed a extra vehicle for a large group ,do not rent here, cars are filthy!!!
The best bobka, pastries & challah bread French toast in the Montreal plateau region!
Really delicious food, even have things a non-red meat eater can enjoy.
Best Mediterranean in the east valley. Plus You get a complimentary baklava at the end of your mail
Great hamburgers ,small place. Excellent flavour and good size. Taste like a good homemade burger.
Food is awesome being from NM- like amazing. But service - being in the industry.. ehh.
Good food but service sucks. Unless you look "Rich" you'll get great service. Very very rude
This place is genuinely great. It's nice to have a Bamiyan Kabob sort of thing in Ajax
Was looking for a frozen custard place since moving from St Louis. I think I found it!
I bought my Honda Fit here about a year ago and haven't been disappointed with their service yet.
Poor service from the big rude guy..the tall and skinny guy was really nice though..
Incredibly rude staff,  unnecessary anger towards patrons, swearing at customers flying
Service was extremely slow on Sunday's and waitress didn't even come by to ask if we needed refills.
Dr. Briggs is a great dentist with a warm, friendly personality. He has a wonderful staff, too.
Went here with my dad. Service was a little slow but the food was amazing. I'd definitely go back.
Everything was amazing....the chef really out done hisself. Truely a hidden gem in Vegas.
A flat white in North America, we are saved. They have real espresso, if you like that, go here.
Great variety and quality Italian food  Gets you off the Strip and serves you great quality food
The salad bar now has Romaine instead of iceburg lettuce! THANK YOU!!! I am thrilled!!!
Been to this place several times with groups around 8-16 people. It is so much fun and a fair price.
If you haven't been to sprinkles you gotta try it! It's a little pricey but well worth it!!!
Nice menu selection; food was tasty.  Good atmosphere.  Wished they had a restaurant in the LA area.
Got a few pairs of kicks from these guys. Great locally owned store with unique gear.
Fun course. Check out the night golf during the summer. They have a range too.
Love this place, and Jordyn gives me the best lashes ever!!
Great place!  The pork belly was our favorite and pork ribs a close second.  Cracklins were amazing!
I had the Kobe beef burger with spicy garlic aioli  and a bacon Bloody Mary - DELICIOUS!
This place is a good choice for healthy food that is tasty. They are always friendly to :-)
Great music,  good food and nice intimate ambiance.  Love this place every time! Loving the band!
If you do nothing else, you must enter RH and get swept away in bliss and beauty.
Foie gras mousse... honestly the best.
REALLY great place with tons of history. A must-eat while in Pittsburgh!
They have never screwed up my order and the people that work there have always been super nice.
Good food but expensive.  Tried devil's chicken, quantity is very poor compared to price
These guys are awesome. Dropped my phone this afternoon and 1.5 hours later I had a new screen.
It was ok. Nothing to special the food was a hit or a miss .
Loved it so much !!! Can't wait till we come back and try all the other choices of broth!!
Great services. Servers were welcoming and nice. Great menu selections. More than 1 bathroom stall.
I used the spray tan for the first time. It gave me an overall glowing tan! I will be back!
Danielle was fun and energetic! :) Sweet girl with a great story! :) I'm definitely going back!
Great service and great atmosphere. Friendly owner and great to out of towners had a great time
love this place!  this is a regular place for our family.
what can i say? i still love this place. BEST coconut chai in the city bar none!
The atmosphere is better than the taste. You should wait pretty long time during rush hours
Impressed by the Hakka noodles.  Perfect mix of flavor and spice.  Service was quick.
Great guy, very reasonable. Showed up early and was in and out. You will not be sorry you called.
Tried the thousand layer matcha cake and it was just okay. It tasted good but nothing that wowed me.
it was okay, nothing i would go out of my way for. Food was good but not great.
Lots of choices- salad, rice, potatoes, vegetables, soup, fresh mozzarella.
Very nice experienceI would recommend it to all my friends and will definitely come again
Good food but slow service. Friday lunch rush but still waiting way to long to order and check out.
My new favorite breakfast & lunch place in the neighborhood! Great fish tacos and ceviche!
Delicious, delicious, delicious!!!! Hit the spot.  Love the Dutch bread as it was super fresh.
Food was good, no question bout that.  Cup was dirty.  Never came to refill my water.
Great food, great service, and very quick. Cajun Boils are the way to go. Very family friendly.
I got charged for a side of ranch. Customer service not the best either. Not coming back.
Very fun great place to eat really good food and all you can all-you-can-eat  can't beat that
Bien gentil bonne salade c sar! Allez y
Fresh ingredients, generous portions, so worth it for the price.  My new favorite salad spot.
I'd give them 0 stars if I could. Unfriendly, unprofessional, unresponsive. Avoid this company.
My new favorite BBQ spot in Vegas! Great food and friendly staff! Go and check it out!
Very nice ambiance, great service, pretty good food
Some things in life are just unnecessary.   A DOUBLE big mac is one of them.   Why McDonalds?   Why?
So good! Such a wide variety of sushi and Asian dishes. Fish is always fresh, and nicely presented!
This bar is too cool to be true. If you're beating the hipster trail you'll be disappointed.
This is a wonderful casual upscale environment.  Nice way to relax and have a few drinks.
The Brown Scurvy is not what it once was. The food is mediocre at best.
Beautiful restaurant with amazing good and ambiance set in four charming locations.  Love them all!!
The food was great and the servers were absolutely phenomenal! Would definitely come again!
Consistantly great food. Excellent service.
Yum. Check out back of menu soups. Very good!
Amazing service! Great ambience. If I come back to Cleveland, will definitely come back here.
A must-do if you are in Scottsdale. Excellent tour and great view of downtown Scottsdale.
The bar tender was rude and has poor customer service
Friendly bartenders, and amazing wings!!!! Will deff come back and visit again for future events
The place is closed for good. Health code violations up the ying yang.
This restaurant is a horrible neighbor to the residences nearby The LOUD music echos everywhere
So good!  Was in Charlotte for training and came back when I was in town again! Wouldn't miss it!
It's Tim Hortons - won't say any more...
Excellent service! Very friendly.. Highly recommend:) I loved my nails and pedicure!
El is phenomenal, and whom I recommend. For the price, this may be the best deal in Las Vegas.
Although my manicure & pedicure were done decently well, they were so rude I won't be going back.
A bit stuffy, though views of golf course, are green & blush. Lunchtime Burger, is mighty delicious.
American Italian, but a pretty cool little place. Recently purchased additional space is quieter.
Don't order on the phone , they will forget about it and claim they never got it. -__-
Amazing carnitas taco!  At $2.50 each this was amazing.  Highly recommended taco stand!!!
Great pizza but REALLY expensive.  That's all.  Their green lantern pizza is delicious.
Good food and relaxed atmosphere with an itallian touch!
Its a pretty good little vietnamese place. Always tastes great and is good for the price.
Very nice warm environment staff always friendly pleasant environment for adults and children
Good food you get way more than you would expect. And bull riding! Always a fun time!
Our waitress was Vanessa and she was super! Food was amazing and service.....whooooooo!
Had lunch there today. Staff is customer friendly and food was good. Definitely go there again.
The food is great and the staff is very nice. Great place to have a couple of drinks and relax.
My new favorite bookstore! I don't even want to step into a barnes and noble or borders ever again!
Great staff.  Well taken care of.  Food was good.  I'd come to this location again.
Interesting spin on sandwiches. These sandwiches are tasty, filling and reasonably priced.
Prices seemed a bit high but my necklace was fixed within half an hour and looks great!
The Falafel wrap,Gyro and Hummus were excellent! We'll definitely be going again soon.
$5 all you can eat 2 week old Chinese leftovers.  Or that's what it tastes like anyway. Yummy.
The food is delicious and the prices are amazing. It's a definite go-to place when you're in Vegas.
Good quality meat but the service is super slow here, like turtle slow. Slow slow slow
This BOA location is convinced with their drive up ATM's. Easy banking for our business checking.
Slots are fun put in $12 ,left with $46. Quit when youre ahead
Service sucks still waiting for server to pay bill for 15 minutes. Food good but very slow
Outstanding customer service Brad is wonderful to deal with concerning our 2 cars Highly recommend
Loved how clean and shiny the place was.  Great food and great service.  We will be back.
Great Little Italian restaurant. We have gone here many of times and everything we get is wonderful.
Super fun local brewery - with tasty treats and yummy drinks!
One of my favorite breakfast spots and I just loved Donna she was amazing!!
Right off the freeway and right next to car rental return.  Can't ask more from a gas station.
Excellent service and the food was delicious!! Try the bento boxes if you are a first-timer.
Great selection of items, well organized and neat, easy to find what you are searching for
garbage, no wonder this place closed. RIP ruth chris in vegas!
The pasta is great always hot and fresh and the service is good too. They are quite efficient.
Great tasting items and super knowledgeable about gluten intolerance. Great local place.
Always has the best deals love to come here, fast , friendly , and a lot of cute eye candy
Food is good. Place is nice. And girls are hot like a chile lol 5 stars yay!
Worst service to date at a Benihana.  Got an 18yo cook at the table.  Absolute disaster.
Hidden gem in Scarborough!  Uni was fresh, the shrimp and scallops were very sweet.
nice that these guys deliver in DT too.  authentic verified.
Best branch ever and best employee service ever! Shoutout to Jonathan! You the best!i
Delicious & reasonable drinks - I recommend the chai latte.
Extremely overpriced! there was only one waiter and he was really mean towards us, arrogant staff!
The food is great best little hall In the wall in town for this type of food
Nice quiet and clean restaurant serving real Vietnamese food. Great food at reasonable pricing.
Great new place! Food is wonderful! People are nice! Awesome Margaritas true New Mexico food!
Ribs were the best! Everything was great, including the service and the cook is a jokester. :)
We have had raspberry tarts, sourdough, foccacia and filled rolls. All delicious. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Pho is amazing, nice people.  Everything I want from a restaurant.  My go to Pho place.
Fun atmosphere, good food and affordable drinks. Steelers bar on Sundays come check it out!
Phenomal food, very high quality and authentic, impressed. Even the buffet was killer!!
We loved the sushi is this place. So delicious. Dragon roll, tuna xtuna and Las Vegas our favorite
HikePrint did windows fir my business.Great work!!!  Price is very good! Thank you so much!
Hands down sesame chicken is the best   Only bad thing I can say is the decor could use an update.
Food was good. Atmosphere was better. Sierra's service was the best. Sierra has earned a spa day.
Love the food! The staff is amazing. My friends hosted my baby shower there and it was the best.
Very delicious !!  I had the relleno and it was very tasty.  Very new, nice place to try
had to go... I don't drink stuff here unless I must
Consistent with other Westins.  Staff was welcoming and friendly.  Room was clean and comfortable.
Good location, good smoothies but rude and unreasonable slow service.
Billionaire burger really good with froie gras. Sweet potato fries so-so.
Fuck this place. My nuggets are over done. I asked for hella ranch they gave me one. Stupid.
Overall a good place to live if you have kids. The long list of amenities are amazing.
Smokey hotdog made in house is so good.
The most amazing iced tea bar. What a perfect concept for AZ. I love this place. I go every week.
Customer service great but the wait times are way too long come early to get your shit done
Best place to play pool and drinks at low prices.
Reeereee good food!  Me rikee....arot!
good food..a bit pricey..service is friendly but incredibly slow
I love this place! Super friendly, affordable and elegant. It's the only place i trust. Thank you!
It was okay. Nothing crazy. I mean all you can eat crab legs and oysters was my highlight.
I love this.place I buy things here for under 10.00 that I used to pay 100 dollars for
I forgot to mention, the dishwasher leaks, the toilet leaks, and the heat doesn't work well.
Worst internet service . Terrible customer service . Terrible customer support . Do not use .
Nothing special. Cheap food, cafeteria style service, no ambiance.
The have ten pin lanes and they are usually available. The fam loves it and we go often.
Yummy is all I can say!!  Great turkey!! Very filling. My new favorite. Fresh neat and at great cost
I stopped here my last time through and looked forward to it again this year. I love this shop!
$.99 cent menu. Ala carte like 2 eggs, 2 bacon, among other items
Beware !! Worst service ever by these lying lazy unprofessional @ssholes!! More to come ......
Great place for dim sum! I tried their new dessert today- mochi with peanuts! So good
Good food but very small and wait is very long. Ate at the bar and we got pretty good service.
Good food for average value. Went to chef Ramsay's pub yesterday and this place blows that away.
Excellent food and reasonable price for strip Area dining. Fast and friendly service.
Cheap, quick, and painless eye exam for contacts. Helped order contacts at a very good price.
Really nice store, I like that they have clearence throughout the store.
Food was good. Place was pleasant. Best part is the omelets and frenchtost.    Will go again
Good customer service and friendly conversational employees.
Killer cocktails flatbreads and other apps. Loved it.
Great service,and a very enjoyable happy hour with friends. The food is very good
This hotel smells...ew I would never stay here.
Went to get my queen sized comforter cleaned and then was charged for a king comforter cleaning.
They have stepped it up in my last few trips great service for a good price good looking ladies
Definitely a hidden gem and authentic Mexican dining experience.
Love this whole company. Service is fantastic and the food is amazing every time I go!
Very friendly place, and you cant beet the food and drink prices.
I wanted a quick estimate on a minor scratch. I was told to make an appointment and come back.
Out of town oil change and car wash. Friendly and detail oriented service. Couldn't be happier !
Horrible service! Hostess seemed careless and rude. Server did not attend us promptly.
Looking for appliances for a new house. Check them first. Staff is helpful. And the prices great.
A hidden gem in Las Vegas. I would give a 10.Food, service excellent.
Best sushi in Scottsdale! Almost as good as the top rated sushi bar in Tokyo.
Was on time, gave fair pricing, no bait and switch.  I will use again.
xtra spicy vindaloo & tikka masala are really good
Same day service. Fast, friendly, professional and courteous.  I'm happy and will call them again.
Well Lee all i have to say is good job mate.  Great food and great service. Just ask for Brian.
Love going to Clubhouse!!! Great patio, and great service!! Would recommend to everyone!
Vegan red velvet.  (note: why do these cost more dollars than any cupcake in New York?)
Oh BP's, how I loathe thee... can I count the ways??
Great place, wonderful staff and even better food. Extensive urban type menu...hip atmosphere.
Elegant environment for jazz and a good time! Seats are comfortable and good view of performancers
Very courteous, professional hair stylists/colorists! Always a great experience here!
Oh so good! Fast service too!
Food was really good.  Lentil stew, and Samosas. Staff very friendly. Next time again....
Update: The price for eyebrows has gone up $5 which is still fairly inexpensive in my opinion.
Trips me out every time I walk by, I hope someone replaced him when he's gone to heaven.
This is a probably a new restaurant but the food is authentic from Mexico is very good
A GREAT SALON Clean ,friendly, professional with fabulous service SOPHIA IS A GEM!!!!!
Great device, chill place. Pretty good hookah and a good selection of food. Highly recommend it.
Super friendly staff. I will choose this target EXCLUSIVELY in Tempe!
la plus grande rue commercante de montr al avec des resto et de nombreuse boutique
windows face out to town square so certain tables are great fun people watching
Very good food, large portion sizes and great prices!
Real Italian style cappucinos. Need I say more?
Mediterranean wrap is so good! Great service and fresh foods for a reasonable price. Yum!
Best happy hour in town!AAAA+
Amazing classes for all levels! The instructors are friendly, fun, and helpful. Love this place!
Service was great, food was not. Didn't eat much and left shortly after arriving.
Weak service and overly fussy, cold entrees.
Hhhjjjhhh
They have a nice selection of uv gel colors here plus designs.
Delicious! I had the pad thai. So good!
I made love to that gold standard burger like you dad makes love to your mom.
Start with the tri-color hummus and go from there! Best atmosphere in this shopping center.
These pharmacists go over and beyond their job.  They help and direct to all your pharmacies needs.
Honestly, I mostly just come and get a dessert and grape Kool-aid while waiting for my Chinese food.
excellent food service and atmosphere.   a lot for your buck
best donut holes!!! fast and friendly service too
Disappointing bakery items at a high price with empty displays.  Something isn't quite right.
Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner. Outstanding service and the food was on point!
This is a pic of his back after paying 2000$ , please stay away from these scammers !
Good food and prices, big menu with vegetarian options.
Always a treat.  One of my favorite restaurants.  I make it a priority whenever I am in Montreal.
Very small place with about 10 tables.Pretty good pho and bun bo hue. Service is just ok.
Very good soft bagels!  Owner a little ill mannered though but still enjoyed the bagel schmear.
Lamont  took care of me in a very courteous and professional matter.  Kudos to him!
Very good and consistent tasteful coffee. My latte was very foamy and creamy. Will come again
They're great until someone ruins your hair. They'll have nothing to do with you when you complain.
Food was amazing. BEER was cold! And the service was beyond reproach!!! Ask for Lauren!!!
Crab Rangoons are on point as are the egg rolls.  Food in general is awesome and staff is very nice.
If you have time to wait for fresh  cookies I would highly recommend it!!!!!!!  Very clean store.
Good stuff. Def worth trying out.
The buffet will fill your kids inexpensively. That is my only positive thing to say.
Quality but nothing really worth writing home about. Decent beer and decent food with good service.
Very over rated. Had big expectations but at the end just another pizzeria with bad service.
Great dive with cheap drinks and next to the light rail.
Awesome brews!
Poor quality  sandwich  for the price. No meat on them  delivery was fast and friendly
Bosa Donuts are the biggest, best donuts on the planet.
Yum!!!!   Love the quiche- fluffy.   Another good French bakery in Vegas.  Great selection.
Great food and service. We have stayed at the Westin several time and never have been disappointed.
Luv the food here, especially the gyros. Friendly, laid-back atmosphere. I'm a frequent flyer
Overpriced even for Vegas.  Bland dull food and horrible service.  There is no reason to go here
The best prices on greeting cards, in-house post office, and cool regional gifts! Super nice people.
They r no longer have the happy hour anymore, and they charge 2 dollars for water in the glass.
Nice playground for toddlers, however the train was out of service both times we went.
Pouting fries are fresh and very good. Service is always awesome and the donuts don't get fresher!
Food was fantastic and very authentic New Mexico cuisine.  Try the pork stew; has good heat
Food is always good and fresh! I love the drive-thru! :)
Very good food, liked the Bloody Ceasar, Thai Salad, Zibo Salad and tonight I'm trying the Poutine.
This is a great new bar to hang out in...very nice clean new place. Will have bands soon.
Best Mala sauce around! I always enjoy the Brisket with it and have never had a sub par experience
Considering the extremely low price it was great, also the lowest limits you can find on the strip.
Best sashimi in Montr al (to me least) + good service
Sooo good I love the everyday special its so chipper and they give you a lot I can't even finish it
The spiciness is just right. Portions are large enough to share. Suhail our waiter was incredible.
Just ok  Understaffed and service is very so-so.  Food is very average and typical of a Denny's.
Hidden gem. Amazing cocktails and wonderful food. Drove an hour to come up here. Wish it was closer.
Great service, staff is very attentive.  The steaks are delicious!  A bit expensive but worth it.
Reasonable eyebrow threading, but way to expensive!!! There are places that are much cheaper.
Nora's is great value however the service has been going down hill.
Best Pho and vegetarian options in the area, next level customer service as well as food.
Just ok. My pedi was mediocre and the paint job was sloppy.
Fast and efficient.  Picked up in 20 minutes  after order. Pickup took 20 seconds. Great service.
Overpriced - service was ok. Really disappointed for the price. I'm just not into the hype....
Great shop for wood working tools and supplies. Knowledgeable staff!
Very good!!! Delicious!!! Amazing service!! The alferdo  pasta wow!! And a pretty place;)
Good community, I like my 3 bedroom with a pool view. Huge main pool and huge heated spa.
huge tab...kinda caught me off guard, but cute spot.
Terrasse sur St Denis, bieres, sangria, repas etc , beau local, service attention . Bcp monde.
One of the very best French restaurants in all of Quebec.  Enough said!
The frybread is a must try very good and really big enought for 2 people.
I visited Las Vegas for Japanese 7 Days Workshop. It was good start with Japanese Ramen .
Lee is such an amazing nail shaper !!! He never lets me down ! I definitely recommend going with him
Pam is amazing! My hair was a hot mess and she got me fixed up and looking beautiful in a few hours!
Perfection. There is nothing much to say. Fyred eggplant is another form of heaven.
Tasty lamb dishes and the garlic naan is addicting. Will be back!
Love this place. I go to Las Vegas quarterly for business and eat here every time.
Our favorite pizza joint!! Our go to pizza is the pepperoni and sausage with pesto and red sauce.
Always a good theater, and plenty of shopping or eating nearby.
Simply but yet done so perfect one the best chicken fingers I've had and the sauce is a must have
Annie,  Cut my hair today and I must say she was great and for my visit I give it 5 stars..
Great experience at Beverly Hills rejuvenation... Sharon is awesome, thorough and super kind!
Good healthy food at a quick pace. Great for takeout
Loved our birthday balloons. Fast and stress free ordering process, super friendly service!
Jerks ran outta pizza last night. Couldn't get my zaa fix. To Corey... Thx fatty. Hahahah.
Good food, and good service... I do recommend this place if you are want hawaiian food
some say, it's even better than the Original (http://www.qype.com/place/8913-Hofbraeuhaus-Munich) .
Angel sweet is without a doubt the best gelato I've had outside of Italy.
Been here many times. Food and service is always great. The lunch special is always a hit.
I love this place! Very tasty and very affordable...great mix of Vietnamese and Chinese dishes.
Spent a few hours here for lunch today. Cobb salad was delicious! Can't wait to go back.
Triple Berry muffin was great. Fast service in the airport.
Great Wednesday not happy hour. Good all night. Food was good. The only prime steak is the NY.
Simply the best! Good prices good food and friendly staff. Never a bad slice of pizza there.
Drinks are good and properly made. If you want anything else, town hall is right up the street
Oh my gosh! They have amazing huevos rancheros. I try to get them at least once a week.
Massage chairs are amazing.  The techs are perfectionists.  Love getting my nails done here.
Very poor customer service , you need an adult running the place not a 15 year old kid .
Food is good, the special bbq sauce makes it even better... Feel like they need more on the menu tho
Carne asada tacos are to die for! Service is quick, food is great and you can't beat the price!
Yolanda & staff are prompt, courteous & cheerful. Could not be happier with their sevice
 
I had a suit jacket altered. It was done on time a just they way it needed to be. I will be back.
Consider the destination on its own. As far as food goes, it's decent. Service about average.
At the annual green thumb luncheon! Yum! The food is always so good!
brand new store everything is so nice and the deli is awesome sandwiches and rice bowls
This place is the best restaurant ever I had very good pizza here. The service was wonderful.
perfect for a quick dinner and/or lunch. ps, $5 takeout sushi boxes!
Very nice Bakery great bread the orange cinnamon roll was excellent the raspberry scone was awesome
Solid lunch special with good spicy curries.
I had a great experience for my first time in a Yoga class. Friendly and courteous  staff.
Truly great dumplings! Five stars even though service could have been better. Will go back!
Doc Anderson has been amazing for years my family has been bringing their pets in for 30 years
Andy is amazing! Very good massage. Very nice venue. Great service. Very recommended.
Very high valued lunch box. I have been to Roku three times and satisfied with food each time.
Pricey but outstanding ice cream.  Worth the money.  Try the bacon brittle.
Got to my car and my locked ourself fast, opened my car door even faster!! And friendly service!
Norwood, Munnerlyn, Wharton - Go Gamecocks!  Go Panthers!
Really good food, and friendly staff. Also very clean as well. Will be coming back soon
Great view at night.  A tiny bit scary.
Great customer service and they made my iced coffee very very yummy :)
Best therapeutic massage I've had!! Cara was amazing! Thank you for such a wonderful experience!.
Very clean, quiet and delicious. Had a great cappuccino. Staff is also very nice and welcoming.
Great service and modern flow - always a great time - close to light rail fun restaurants, bars, etc
I felt the stress of the world lift off my shoulders as I walked in the door.  I love this place!!
Order the Black Cod Miso! Hands down the best fish that I've ever tasted.
FAST service the day after the 4th of July.  VERY impressed!  Chris in service was AMAZING.
Got my nails done( mani/pedi) by mimi today and I am so pleased with her work!  Looking so fresh!
Love the Edgar Allen Poe pizza!
The food was delicious. Not a lot of variety but excellent amount for the price.
Walked around for about 40 minutes until we realized this place is closed.
Great Target! Clean, well laid out. Well stocked. Shiny.
Great place!
Excellent friendly service. Very personable and knowledgeable about health and nutrition.
Fantastic food! Amazing staff! This is truly my new favorite restaurant in Vegas!!!
Great service, great taste and perfect product...try a Bialy they are the best!
really nice eggs benedict but would prefer an english muffin rather than wholemeal slice of bread
I'll keep this one short and sweet.  Best fucking pizza in the city. Period. (mic drop)
Comfy place, decent service and great service. Not outstanding but very consistent all the time
Best donuts in town. The origial pink box. The chocolate coconut is my absolute favorite.
Exceptional service and staff. Dr k. cares about his patients and it shows. Highly recommended.
The burgers are good.  We ate on the patio with our dog.  The staff was very nice
I love this place!! Jay and Sunny are great. The salon is clean and everyone is very friendly.
one of the best Chinese restaurant in Madison. But difficult to park. seldom go there now.
Screw this place.  No substitutions, no flexibility, poor customer service.
First time to this chain.....tacos were awesome loved that the gauc is free even if blan in flavor.
Great customer service, Jamie is AWESOME! Lunch is usually prompt & yummy. Recommend to anyone
Wrong place.
The food here is always excellent.  One of our favorite places to go for special occasions.
I always feel like I'm on vacation when I'm here! Such a fun atmosphere and great food!
I'll give them 5 stars. Great coffee, great desserts, good atmosphere, what is not to like?
So many options and fresh toppings bar!! Great price and glad to have found this nearby treasure!!
The food is really delicious and don't forget to get the dessert surprise for 4. We were overloaded!
Always a great time and awesome food at Black Bear! Huge portions for good prices.
Great and fast service!! Knew exactly what I needed. Definitely will be using them again.
Tasty and fast. What more do you need between flights? Decent, although not expansive, seating.
awesome neighborhood diner - super fast service and cheap food.  nothing fancy -they keep it real.
The BOMB..........sushi in Chandler does not get any better than this.
Was ok.  The lamb seemed over cooked and a bit dry.  However the curry gravy was top notch .
Here in Cleveland, WOW!  I recommended this restaurant. Every Food I ate was excellent.
Worst metro of all. thank god they're closed Worst service
Nacho portion was big enough to share. Salsa and guacamole tasted fresh. Delicious.
Luv this place! Fun for the whole family. They're sure to have all your childhood favorites.
The food here is wonderful! I thoroughly enjoyed everything!
Been here twice and was pleased both times. The prices for AYCE is great! Would recommend.
Mmm great for lunch - the Macayo's favorite lunch is super yummy!
Obviously everything is amazing, food, service, ambience- all world class. Exceeded expectations
Freshness and quality topnotch, best coffee and sandwich in the area
Food was horrible;  over priced.  don't waste your money or time.  Management horrible!!
So glad I found this place. Yammy pizza and kabobs!  Highly recommended!
Hello Las Vegas!!! They need more restaurants in the B terminal...
Dr. Bart and the entire team has been amazing!  Would highly recommend!
One of my least favorite airports in the country. Stay away from those slots!
Good food and good service.  Strawberry & Cream French Toast is yummy. Candice is awesome!
Stopped for a quick bit and got the slice and drink for $5.. fantastic pizza.. we will be back..
This place iz tha baaaaaasssss! The secret saaaaaauze! Kevin are Christa had great service
Went to get some custard and what a friendly staff and custard was awesome!!! I will be back
Many things I love about this place....top 2 are mozzie sticks and cougars!! Can't go wrong!!
Good bagels and service is friendly. I like to order extra bagels to keep on hand at home
One of my favorite casinos. Hotel rooms, casino, restaurants, restrooms, parking garage are clean.
Not bad for a restaurant that serves only reheated leftovers and servers that ignore you.
Lost my tire center cap, broke my radiator hose. Nice work otherwise.
I went in today and my bowl was awesome. The house spicy sauce took it to the next level.
The worst food i ever ate in my life...Darcy Spears should visit this place!!!!
Head to Piggly's for the Best Jameson this side of the Mississippi. Ask for Baby and enjoy the ride
Great burgers and fries!  Atmosphere could use an update - rather plain and outdated!
It's a controlled fall but still super fun and something every thrill seeker should expiernece
Great views for people watching outside. Good food for breakfast/brunch.
This place is disgusting. I think I may have had the worse restaurant food in my life today.
Tr s beau b timent, une fois en haut, une tr s belle vue sur Motr al (ce qui est assez rare).
Confortable place to shop!
great rough & rowdy  place to drink beer --but PLEASE leave your kids at home!
We had the Premium Sashimi Plate, $50 for 24pcs. Total legit! Will definitely be back real soon!
Amazing arraignment! You can tell the staff truly cares about what they do. Thank you so much!
Good sushi at great price - my favorite was the Honda Roll. Very friendly staff
Love the strawberries and cream cheese stuffed French toast! Shrimp and grits are amazing too
The service was so over the top rude I was laughing. Macarons.....just ok. Get over yourself.
Dominique thank you so much! Everyone was friendly and kind!!! Love love love this shop
I had to get my coffee fix before my flight! Guy at register was very nice and friendly.
Their food and pastries are good, but most importantly they had the best baklava I've ever had.
Fish tacos, tofu tacos and beef were all recommended. An awesome place! Highly recommended.
Solid feed here folks!  Great noodle bowl and excellent service!  Thank you!
Good customer service with decent food. Ribs and fried chicken thumbs up, pork loin under cooked.
The store was stocked well. The prices were wonderful. The staff were helpful & friendly.
Horrible customer service! Save yourself the trouble and just go to Lowe's down the street.
Great service great food great decor but if you can dine outside do so it faces the strip !!!
Super friendly, quick service, and excellent work. Prices are very competitive and inexpensive.
Good Vietnamese food, nothing fancy. Atmosphere has the back in Vietnam, poor communist, style :)
Loved walking around there a tasting food from around the world.... Churros, Fries, cheeses...
I had a superb experience at Lago! The food and the staff were absolutely wonderful!!
Comfort Masters has been great for us. We love having them come by to check our systems out.
The worst coffee I have ever had from a Starbucks!! And they don't accept gift cards!!
delish!!! get the kobedeh kabob and rice!! yum!!!!
This place is soooo yummy! Love it. If you have a with you this is good for you and a meet eater.
This has been our favorite place to order out! They are always fast and food is good!!
I can always rely on great pizza!! Love this place
Great Korean food on the far end of the strip.  The kimchi bar has a good variety and quite tasty.
Great tour. Staff were helpful and knowledgeable throughout the tour and the booking process.
Great spot for a drink, cool neighborhood. Nice looking lively crowd.
Without a doubt the best carne asada tacos in all of Phoenix! Enough said.
I love it- some of the best slices in Pgh!  Large New York size slices- killer wedding soup!
Good pizza. Awesome Original Homemade Cheesecake!
I ended up having " soy" chicken , not a place for meat lovers , less quantity ..
Best crepes and the coffee is really good too!  Came for the crepes and it was worth every minute!!
ayce. love it. food:excellent decor:appealing to the eye.  would return.
Burgers and sushi were awesome.  Burgushi is kind of scary though- will try next time.
Dr. Wood is amazing!  His staff is super friendly and the facility is warm & inviting.
La enchilada estuvo bien, pero quiz s algo caro. El servicio correcto!
Went for the Monday night Rib deal, full rack $12.  GREAT VALUE.  The beer was damn good.
I love my chai latte and the prompt service at the drive thru. BTW, I love the drive thru.
Clean salon with friendly staff.  Jacque is always on time and makes my nails look fabulous !!!!
Way older crowd slow service leaving now
This place has the best ribeye steaks in town. The service was prompt and friendly. Will return
I just got a hot tea and to be there with friends. Gkkd easy service and welcoming atmosphere
Food is yummy and service is bomb.com. seating isn't very cozy. Other than that it's pretty good!
The timeframe was misleading, but the work, not that it is done, looks very nice.
HURRICANE PUNCH!!! Grabbed one on my way out the door of Mirage and was sad I didnt get a full yard.
The hot  and spicy wanton , salt and pepper calamari how can I forget the spring roll.
Fun atmosphere and good food. Service was good, even on a game day. Prices are great too.
Best fried chicken in town! Way better than the overrated chicken place in south end! Must try!!!
He was extremely friendly and fast! Really great service & will continue coming here for my annual
Amaaaazing! The turtle sundae is my favorite. I totally recommend this place.
Wow. Great food. Great service.  I had malabar chicken. Decent prices too.  Highly recommend it.
This business is horrible. There are other nails shops close by.  The nails techs are so rude!!
Great place if you like wasting your time sitting in the drive thru. SLOW SLOW SLOW!!!!!
Poor slow service, takes forever to get seated, to get water and bread..a disappointment !
Slow to clean the dirty tables..... Got a slice that was not the greatest. Stromboli looked good.
Dan's a great barber, I highly recommend seeing him. Great prices and great haircuts and beard work.
Great service, food good and hot, portions large, reasonable prices.
Good prices and the staff are talented and friendly. Good deal for those in LV.
Popcornopolis has met it's match.
Awesome and helpful place! They have everything to get your bike running again!
Ms Dorthy D. Is a very gracious lady i will be doing more loans with her in the future.
Best looking swiss chalet! Great food and service. We got back regularly. Highly recommended!
Tastes great and resonable priced. Will return! Sushi are fresh and roll are yummy too.
Cozy restaurant. Like 5 Guys but with truly fresh ingredients.  French fries were heavenly!
Some of the best food in town! Burnt ends, pulled pork, bbq chicken......It's all great!
Went for Restaurant Week but honestly the food was kinda boring.
Like this place a lot. Kind of in an isolated place or town but beer is good and staff is friendly
Best French onion soup! Yummm Great happy hour, Sunday has happy hour drinks all day (I believe)
Best donuts around in my opinion and plus they're adorable :)
Perfect for a quick nosh or a full meal. Top of the line service. Put this on your must visit list.
Very delicious. A little expensive but they have a really good happy hour.  I like it a lot.
Great atmosphere. Great food. Sit at the kitchen counter for the full effect.
I appreciate there quick service and upbeat attitude. I recommend this locations for sure.
Nice cozy place , good place to chill and hang out , good music  many choices for tea and Tisanes
Staff at the sports bar provide an excellent service.
Delicious burgers, GREAT atmosphere, and the cutest dang hidden jewel in all the land!!!!
Great vibe. Great food. Butter lettuce salad was perfect.
Donna was awesome! The food was fantastic! Free banana nut muffins for the newcomers to boot!
Italian beef is off the hook!  Cant wait to try the chicago dog.
Service was slow but food and coffee was great. Definitely a must for a Sunday morning brunch!
The whole experience was great! Ryan and Seth were friendly and knowledgeable.
No pumpkin donuts this close to Halloween ?  Oh sad sad day
Great food! So happy to have this sub shop close to home. Family owned. Great deals too.
We hired Dave to add to an existing block wall and he did a great job at a fair price !
Haven't Eaten McDonald's in Forever Because Of This Location !! Worst Customer Services Ever !!
2 - healthy 6 month old boys, so thankful for AFC!
Hard to find you'll walk right past it. But great food. The fried chicken skins uhmmm.
Don't miss this diamond in the rough!  Great service.  Attention to detail.  Simply delicious!
Great breakfast at a reasonable price. Lots of options and the service is consistently good.
Order the "777" Not on the menu but always available Steak, shrimp, mash, veggies $7.77 Delicious!
Waffle Dogs are out of this world. Will dine here as often as we are in Phoenix
Quick, professional service, and high quality products  Ask for Danny I, amazing skill set
This is my go to restaurant for Pad Thai in Pittsburgh. I always order extra chicken.
Great restaurant. Good food, good staff, relaxed environment, lovely menu. We had a great time.
Food is very comforting and delicious. Place is very clean and the customer service is A+
my favorite place in the neighborhood.rolls are  fresh, reasonable price and super friendly service.
Took my mini schnauzer to get groomed and they did a great job!
Excellent food and cozy atmosphere. Their Special Chicken Biryani was amazing.
Amazing desserts  Overall, Food was pretty good - seafood was not  fresh
Horrible service, wish I could give zero stars incompetent staff avoid this place like the plague
Pretty good place for local food at a reasonable price. Like the korean chicken plate.
Good pasta & seafood, but a little hard to find. Located UPSTAIRS-in St. Mark's Square.
Killer food. Great service.  Calamari was wonderful. Souvlaki fantastic  Greek salad was good.
Anazing and efficient service! They got me moved in fast and were friendly, reliable and very nice.
Had their food truck ice cream, so yummy!
Cute spot. A wide selection of unique flavors and toppings. The yogurt is creamy and thick.... yum!
Food was good.  Tasted great,  only gripe I have is they don't take orders over the phone.
First time here and probably won't be back. Smoothie was good, but customer service was terrible.
This place never disappoints! Delicious every time and very accommodating of a soy allergy.
Delicious clean  best first fish burrito I ever taste But I think its a pricey
Very good food. Pleasant staff. Great view. Love the rock shrip. Really worth the trip!
It's next door to a lazer tag place, how effin' cool is that??
Terrible terrible place . The worst service I've ever experienced in Montreal . Avoid my friends !
Round 2 review.... Love this pizza. Awesome owners and crew. Thanks for the great pizzas!
Service trop long plats pas assez recherch  sec trop simple . Ne pas y aller un dimanche !
Good place for some good food. Big variety of food. Staff very helpful. Would recommend
scallops - 5 stars service - 5 stars flatbread - 3.5 stars salad - 3 stars chocolate cake - 4 stars
massive roach problems!!! do not move here!! consider yourself warned..
Excellent menu Tom Kha soup was fabulous! Try spicy  #3 with rice. Very delicious. YUM!!
David was amazing...changed my color to an autumn flair..great cut..the price was very reasonable.
Incredibly rude staff, try Birks instead.
Ordered delivery and waited 90 min only to receive the least appetizing Chinese food I've ever had.
Dont miss the calamari ! Food is full of flavor drinks are proper . My favorite restaurant no doubt
Great food , ambiance and service. I tried Pakistani goat biryani and it was delicious.
This place is great if you want food poisoning aka diarrhea galore. Food is greasy and unsanitary
Michael Honea is a saint.
Falafel is the bomb! Love the kids meal options also! Go early, this place gets packed for lunch.
Grade: B  Very underrated place. Unique food. Excellent service. Somewhat pricey.
love this place, but please, turn down the music.
Gorgeous space. Considering they don't have cortados on the menu, they make a danged fine cortado!
Great place to get on the Internet, there is always a computer available.
Great friendly staff, but can get crowded fairly fast leading to a bit of a wait to order
Tr s bien plac .Accueil parfait. Check in un peu long mais sinon, super!
Great price, excellent move in deal, and courteous, fast snd professional service.
Late night early morning taco crave! I must say Great food and Great people! Must try!!
Very nice and humble people. They did an awesome job and I loved the experience I would come back.
The best vegan ice cream. Uses only pure fruits. Proof that ice cream can be healthy!
Best ice cream in the city! Just beware the neighborhood.
I love Marcy !! Who doesn't ? Great place to come get your eyebrows done !! Highly recommend it !
Bad service, indifferent staff, dirty, slow - don't waste your time or $$ at this place
Nice dancers but so much attitude of waitress and guys who escorting to table.
Great Caesar salad.  Wolfgang's restaraunt is great!
Haily was awesome!! Definitely going back to Revive and next time I'm bringing my daughter with me!
Good had a good time with puppy.
Food is always good and service is great. Except don't really like the graveyard bartender.
My favorite local cigar shop.  It's like cheers - with cigars.  Amazing place and people
Cliff & Kim were such great workers! We loved our first experience at the new Benihana in VEGAS!!
Carson street deli is a great place. The food is awesome. The staff are quick and efficient
Great Mexican restaurant. Excellent food, great service, and reasonable prices.
Vegetable pizza is amazing. Side of feta and some hummus. Pita made fresh.
Arena location was great, parking was easy - more signage would be helpful outside.
Get: mango lychee freezee, curry beef + roti, pineapple fried rice, mee goring...
Good, quality food.  Love the fact that I used to eat at that Taco Bell when I was little.
Extremely long lines and none of the haunted houses are scary at all. Would not return.
Best PHO in Arizona!! Amazing spring rolls as we'll. please take the time to try this place:)
Great service and great food all the time! No wonder why my parents love to have breakfast here.
We love TEDs.. Great food, great value  and awesome service.
Dishonest Establishment. Waitresses are shady; stripper shady. Always check your bill.
Good burgers and amazing beer selection.  Really liked the live jazz band!
Great meal.  Salmon & buffalo, Tater tots were excellent Always good meal Beer was out of this world
Very cute, good food, great service French cafe. I plan to go back to this hidden gem.
I didn't notice any glaring issues re amenities or service.
Kind people Great large sunny patio Next to frozen yogurt and Rubios Great corner location
Not impressed, the carne asada tacos aren't that good. Tough meat and not very tasty.
Very good! Perfect blend for me, got the Match and Cheese with crystal boba. My new fave!
Great food. Speedy service. Very friendly. I highly recommend this place. It is worth every penny.
Meh, it's cool. But, wow, I think this might be the most expensive 'museum' East of the Mississippi!
Nice looking store. Few outlets, horrible access and parking especially during weekends.
Consistent, GREAT bar tenders.... Way to go Aaron, one of the best  "Old Fashioned" in town.
Great service & super yummy food!! Breaded zucchini sticks are a must on a cheat day.
oh, my what can i say... the best sushi... clean, fresh, and awesome price for ayce!!!!!!!
Service is good and quick. Tonkotsu soup is not too strong
When you need goods at 3 in the morning, Walmart's the place to go. Enough said.
LOVE WINCO!!! Found "simply" juice  on sale for $2
Likes to leave the "back at 4" sign up. And then not be back by 4.... Waited till 430 and left.
What a great organization. The Realtors and Affiliates who belong here have almost endless benefits.
great tex mex food,No matter what we have ordered it was really good.Staff very helpful
Great experience for local bar!! The grave bartender Sam is awesome! This is deffinetly my new spot!
Great place to get bite of an overpriced breakfast and average "High Society" service.
I usually just order my food to go here. Small seating area and waitresses and rude and slow.
Tacos al pastor was awesome, fast friendly service, definitely the best tacos in Toronto hands down!
Amazing food, food with a purpose and Trevor was amazing!!!! Highly recommend!! Definitely worth it
QQ Grill closed it's doors two months ago.
Great breakfast joint. They always make me feel at home. Good food, coffee and service.
Waiter asked if I wanted ketchup and mustard with my taco... that's all I have to say.
Great little chain health food store!  They have great prices on bulk goods and baked goods!
Great food lunch and dinner. New weekend seafood features are incredible. Highly recommend
Awesome service. Honesty. Couldn't ask for more!  I would recommend it to anyone in the CF area.
Velvet pancakes... The best... Service was excellent... Recommend to anyone looking for good food
Excellent quality and good price ($17) for lunch. The NY teriyaki was super tender.
Really greasy but if that's what you're looking for it tastes quite good!!
BEST gluten free chocolate chip cookie I've ever tried!!! And love the ATM-like machine out front
food OK..service ok...worth a look
The best place to get breakfast on this side. Great authentic food, nothing here taste basic.
Soup base and noodles on the bland side but the meat and toppings were pretty good.
Yay I got a free Starbucks coffee on my bday so excited.  Place and people are so amazing!!!!!
very good  best Szechuan food! Like real Chinese style! Yummy!  HahahahahhahahahHhHhHhhH
I really love their job they do an amazing job thank you again guys you did a really good job.
Got to see a free show there last year because we stayed at the hotel. The comedian was quite funny.
Its a nice place to hang out. Also expect to pay above average for beverages. Service is good.
Good food, good service, and the nachos are really good.  Outside patio is great in the summer.
Great selection, lots of meat & seafood. The broths could have been better. Service was alright.
Love this place! The only place that has all the ingredients I need to make the perfect pizza!
Food is awesome but by far the busiest and longest waits of all In n Outs I've experienced
I have been there once with friends. The menu there is good. I like their stir fried dishes.
The pasta here was one of the best meals I had in Montreal - and one of the least expensive too!
Great knowledgeable staff. Well stocked. Locally owned. Joel and Lara do an awesome job.
Walked there because Yelp says it closes at 9pm. Was closed when we got there. Storefront says 6pm.
Best nail service I have ever had. Michelle does an outstanding job!
Very poorly organized, inside and out. Incompetent management. I would chose any other grocer
Excellent Pizza served in a timely manner. Great value for the price. We will be back.
Great, reasonably priced food.  Caffeine in lots of high quality, creative formats.  Free wifi.
Best bagels. Staff is really friendly and this place is always clean. Enjoy the music ;)
Ray is awesome!!! I showed him a style I wanted and it came out perfect! I love it!! Mahalo #808
Discussing! Need I say more... I am blown away at how bad the equipment is! It's so dirty, too
We love to order the vegetable chow mein  with crispy tofu. It is a huge meal and serves two.
Good food, boring dining area. Feels like dining in a hallway. The pizza is excellent.
Better local option then Chili's.  Probably kid friendly early in the dinner hour.
Horrible service, okay food, and crazy expensive even for being on the strip.
Great food and service. Ask for Derek because he is a great waiter.
Was contacted immediately by management, very friendly and helpful and will return to this location!
Lenny okayed the space for Jess to work on my car....2b continued....
This was such a treat. The owner is so friendly as well.  A really nice place and it's not a chain.
Order das boot! Everything here is great. Probably the most worth your money in Las Vegas.
The shakshuka is awesome; the real thing and spiced just right!
Over priced and food was blah didn't have much flavor. Restaurant wasn't clean, salsa bar was dirty.
Have the dinner set, it is awesome. The only detraction is the restaurant feels a little cramped
Definitely try the Jean's coconut noodle. Will be going back to try out other dishes.
Got the Call Girlz with an extra shot...delicious!  Good prices too!
Great place to grab coffee and chill alone or with friends.  Across from the Phoenix art museum.
Love this place! The salmon is fantastic! Consistently great service, food and atmosphere!
Awesome. Erica is the best stylist for miles.
Nice to see some veggie options at a Vietnamese restaurant. Arrive early or expect to wait in line.
Incredible ambiance and gracious service to go with a perfectly prepared meal.
They're all awesome, all the time! Real fries from freshly cut real potatoes!
Professional and quick. Very good at catering to cowards. Would recommend to friends and family.
It's been 5 years since I've been.  Need to try it again.
Yummy, always hot and fresh. Please don't lose the integrity of your food quality.
Really cool , local , skate shop. Worth a visit to browse or buy ... rad shop fo show
Nice Atmosphere, Staff super friendly, high speed wi-fi.. Cool for doing some work,, just awesome
Service was great.  Food was warm and greasy. Not typical I don't think but it was not good.
I love the nail shop! Always clean and so nice and helpful. Always have new products available too
Scrumptious pasta, great beer, festive atmosphere in Old Montreal.
Max is a great waiter and the la belle province is great! Atmosphere is also great :)
Good pho, great coconut milkshakes- actually the best coconut milkshake ive ever had.
best country bar in arizona!!!great live band,good service and amazing food!!!
Good food and service - only complaint was the lighting was a little too dark
I left Cleveland back in 1991 however whenever I come home Kim's is the 1st place I hit.
Food was delicious! very helpful and courteous staff. Very friendly. Will definitely be coming back!
Amazing croissant.  We are happy to share this great pastry with our baby.  Great job Luc!
Love the food! Excellent service. Highly recommend El Chullo Peruvian Restaurant.
The omelettes and biscuit and gravy was awesome! Some of the best biscuit and gravy!!!
By far my most favorite Subway. The AM crew is wonderful. Always nice and friendly.
Excellent food. Seasoned and cooked well. Healthy too. Similar to La Shish in Dearborn, MI.
Knowledgable staff & great service. Best 4wd shop in the Southeast.
Came back and brought my friends.. they are happy! they like the Bun Bo Hue!!   Thanks again! =)
Hands down best chili burger in Charlotte. Great mix of people and the owners are great.
$5 large one topping with flavored crusts. Quick, simple, fast. Decent pizza when you're broke, lol.
Salad needed more dressing. Pizza was good.  Canoli was way to hard!
wow, 10 minutes and waiting to be greeted  on a friday night. please fix the inconsistency!
Decent buffet, chicken can sometimes be dry. I like the way they make their naan
Good food, tried jouja kabob from these guys and it was tasty, the soup was a great start.
Love their seasoned fries. Best soft-serve at a fast food restaurant by far.
10 stars!!! The best desserts I ever had in Toronto. Absolutely love both their crepes and cakes.
Best mexican in town. Chips and salsa are so good and they have great lunch specials.
Hey this Ben the barber. I'm in a new location now. Give me a call or text 792-750-6263
food serving is BIG make sure you ask if there is half portions! our waiter forgot to mention it.
THE BEST lobster bisque...everything else is just ok.  Oh yeah, the view is incredible...
Got an awesome pixie Mohawk from the very talented miss Jaelen and love it! Thanks again, Jaelen!!
Reviewers got this one right!!! different delicious tacos I ordered a second round delicious!
Favorite theater very close to house. Clean and enjoyable.
Overly pricey,  not very friendly. Very strict about who can stand where in a crowded bar.
Pretty average food. Heard It was so great but no different than a Perkins or Village Inn.
Susie's tastes like my Nana Lupe's cooking & she's an old lady from Pinos Altos, NM.     YUMMY!!
Outstanding food! Outstanding service! A new go to place for all things Korean and yummy!
Really good burger. Better be hunger. Super messy but totally worth it.
great beer fun place. the owner was awesome and came in early to give our group a private tour.
The new Reese's peanut butter doughnut is amazing! Yeeessss! Thank you for thinking outside the box.
I don't eat donuts but when I do it's the Pink Box! You have to try the maple bars with bacon! BOMB!
All I can say is YUMMY!!  Best Mexican food in town!
Always great food. The buffet is amazing too. Try the Kerala Chicken, Lamb Curry, or the Chicken 65.
UH-MAY-ZING pizza!!!! Def coming back
Maleke and Danika are the best servers/friends anybody be can ask for at the Nano Brew!
Great service. Wonderful food. The restaurant has a great vibe. Locals are a little rowdy.
All i can say is the deserts are simply AMAZING!!!! Coming back again!
We visited this chain restaurant meant for desserts a second time and liked it.
Dinner was outstanding , service top quality and food 4 stars great place to have a meal
Great experience working with Tyler. Excellent communication and outcome. Highly recommend.
Great subs! I really love the turkey. It tastes fresh and is healthy! Staff is always friendly
Elaine is by far the best!! Thanks for being great for 5 years and counting!! See you in 2 weeks!!
We love this brewery! Best in the area. The beer is very, very good. Lots of choices.
Tried their sesame and Thai beef Both were really good Service was quick and warm Good experience
Good not great. Wasn't super filling but it was a fun atmosphere and unique sandwich experience.
Good!! Service is great! will come here next time!  Good sweet tofu and baked pianapple custard bun.
Very tasty. We came in after 2 and food was great. On Monday-Friday the small dishes are just 2.88
Great omelets. Huge serving sizes. A real classic. But bring cash! No cards accepted.
Incredible food, staff, and quality. Will be coming back for sure!
Awesome! Pizza and zucchini and mozzarella sticks.  Great service always!!!!!
A little pricey but the food is very good. Especially their bone marrow!
Food needs improvement. Girls need to stay off cell phones. Still better than when it first opened.
Local hangout Has draft beer, good food, pool and sports on tv's. Not open for lunch.
Clean rooms, pleasant associates, close to the strip. Overall, Very nice experience!
This place is MIND BLOWING!  A creepy jewel in the dark alleys of Swissvale.
The best Mexican in Madison. Hands down. Everything on their menu is great.
By far the best poke bowl I've had! Fresh and tasty. Great service and kind employees.
Amazing candy store!!!!! All the candy you want even, old school candy you thought was extinct!!!
Awful!  I should have realized when I walked past a table with 2 Dogs with only 1 bite in them.
I used to like this place, but Wolfley's has now become Majerle's...
Great food. Very busy and long wait for a Sunday night. Waitress messed up order but fixed it
My go to place for  pizza. never disapoints.  Barros special is always good.  Plain cheese yummy.
So good, better than I remember from Kent!!! Service was a bit slow but they were busy!!!!
Eh- noisy restaurant and smells funny. Food is NOT Mexican as they say it is. Taste is totally off.
It's cheap, convenient and edible. Also it's right beside Robarts
Great pizza your way. Only down fall music is way to loud. Super service and friendly staff.
Helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly staff. Wide selection of merchandise. Reasonable prices.
They good they know what they doing and good old fashion clean cuts real good pricing
Do the spin class here fun
I just love this place. Great food with fast and friendly service.  You gotta get the banana muffin!
These guys are the best!!! Service is excellent! Friendly and informative love this place!!
Food Was great! I loved The spicey octopus!  Thanks ozzy for that wonderful service!!
Friendly staff and always have the freshest produce. Store is always clean and well stocked
This place is clean and the service staff is VERY friendly and informative! Highly recommend!
Nice breakfast buffet. Had the buffet every morning. Friendly staff. The orange juice was terrific!
Great food and waiter was very nice and brought us an extra order of fries. They were wonderful .
This place is closed closed closed don't know what else you want me to write yelp smh
Great sushi .they have happy hours too.-nice atmosphere -lounge type. Mai thai is excellent
Very quick, very reliable, worth every penny invested! Highly recommended for any moving needs!
sympa, mais je n'y ai pris qu'un caf  alors je repasserai
The chicken fajitas at lunch are solid - delicious with jalapenos.
So gross. I couldn't eat much of it.   I honestly think this place has ruined poutine for me.
Awesome place, friendly, professionals, accommodating, and clean!! Painless shots, Thank you
Sandwiches are terrible. Breakfast sandwiches are decent. Wildflower bread company is way better.
This place would be better if there was one dj who wasn't playing crap music.
pretty standard place... nice people, good cuts. For the coupon prices it is well worth it.
Knowledgeable & friendly! Quick service. Great pharmacy! I would recommend this pharmacy.
This is easily my favorite Premiere Moisson. Great products, good service.
Great little shop, delicious cheese and well informed staff.
Never disappoints! Always keep coming back for my Fried Thai rice with tofu. And Thai Tea!
Best Korean restaurant near campus! clean, delicious, kind close to real Korean traditional food
This is the best UPS store in town. They always take care of the packages I drop off. Very helpful!
love everything about this place
The owner is awesome! He fixes all my shoes and even my suitcases. Highly recommend this place!
Woohoo!  Back at STK, one year to the day. Can't wait to wait a yummy meal and catch up!
Sushi was meh. Overpriced and the quality definitely wasn't worth it. Great service though
My favorite TexMex restaurant!  Great food.  Large menu.
I like this place a lot. Sushi is very good and the happy hour is AMAZING. I'd recommend the STST.
Fast delivery; pretty standard to-go Chinese food; not bad, but nothing out of the ordinary.
Dirty facility! Salad was wilted. Pizza was yucky! I will not eat at this dirty restaurant again
Good place very clean wife loves it good job guys come from California just to get a pedi here
Genz was so good and I loved being able to cook everything! Also OZZY was the BOMB.COM! Great Server
First time ever getting a foot massage. It was awesome and great price too! Highly recommend.
Our first time in  this am. Great food and service. Thanks folks. Will return. On the Best Of list
I love the ultimate grilled cheese and garden chowder.
Wow...amazing!!! You won't regret going here...fair prices for gormet food...good service too!
I tried the steak sandwich was okay but everything is so over priced specially a can of coke...
Never disappointed! Lovely little place, they cook the food right there, authentic, and cheap!!
The people, the service, the food, the atmosphere... all amazing!! I can't wait to go back!!
Had a few meal there that weren't bad.  Nice place for drinks with some friends as well.
Lol. The service.lol to the wait time. Lol to them getting your orders right.just lol
Decent parts, rude associate, store 218.
A must try restaurant in Chandler - Delicious food, unbelievable service and very reasonably priced.
Best sushi bar in the NW!!! Great staff & great food . I would recommend this place to anyone.
Dope atmosphere & food & drinks. Just come eat here! Nacho daddy but makes you wish is was.
AMAZING PIZZA. Would absolutely recommend. Very nice service, great food & a good time
Great atmosphere, horrible bartenders. They have a bunch of children running the bar.
Best. Coffee. In. Town. Better than Starbucks, Smelly Cat, not just coffee.
Off the strip, but worth it! Tons of selection, reasonably priced and great attention to detail!
Nice weather today and walk by the plaza saw this place ,I enjoyed my lunch time here. Good mood.
great food great beer (and lots of it) great atmosphere great service 'nuf said!
Sushi chefs are good and joke around with you. 2 for 1 Sapporos! Good AYCE.
Always a great experience when we come here, breakfast or lunch, definetley a new favorite!
BEST SPRINGROLLS IN THE VALLEY!!! Great chicken pho as well - stay away from the rice dishes.
The French fries were really good, the juicy Lucy and the wicked were really good as well !
Amazing food and amazing service. Lychee martini and tuna with crispy rice are always my favorite!
Was in Cleveland recently, thought I would visit this restaurant.  Food did not live up to the hype.
dat prime rib sammidge tho!!!
It's really big! Lots of parking. Great for all size dogs.
Pig ears and fatty brisket FTW!  great service and great food.
Slow and they are out of ALL ice cream in the middle of the day on a hot summer day.... pathetic.
Great food a bit pricy but what's not in Scottsdale a cool establishment with an intriguing history.
Awesome venue for metal concerts
Ordered some agate slices from them. Super fast shipping and the agate was simply beautiful!
The blandest food I've ever had. Adding salt, pepper and ketchup couldn't even save it.
Great lunch buffet. Lots of veggie options. Clean place. Good price for quality food.
Tasty BBQ, good drinks. Be sure to save room for the outstanding desserts!
Great place for brunch. Was very impressed with the quality of food and service. Highly recommended!
Great place to live your best life and get freaky to some house music.
Bon rapport qualit  prix, on fait souvent la file pour avoir une place ....
You are a typical in the public eye a gem.  But you are a fake , phony crappy business!
A bit seedy.  There are nicer Subway locations close by, I suggest you go to one of those.
Love this little hidden gem. Good service, great food and they have Groupon! So yummy!
venue was spacious, the night I came here has many pretty girls..  fun place, good times.
Great little cozy spot with good german beers and great eastern european food. Very Cleveland!
Kids show, kiddie tricks. Not worth your time, even if it's free.
Amazing restaurant at the Bellagio!!!! Food was second to none.  Definitely worth the money!!!
Like steak sandwiches .. And has a good beer selection a little pricey that's why the 4 stars..
Good food, great lunch specials, fun atmosphere!
They do a good job.  Make you feel like you've known them forever.  Great shop.
Great breakfast food and cheap. The meals are huge and the service is great.
Another fantastic late night gel mani by Sonny. He is precise, professional and funny.
Love the staff and the expert beer advice and their fantastic hospitality!
Loved the service and variety of dishes! Food was good quality and service was impeccable
This place is amazing.  The owner- Steve is an all around class act.  If you want quality- go here.
Fast and friendly service, large portions, with better then decent sides. Go check it out.
Brunch was very good as was the service and the ambiance if, unremakable. Safe bet,
Friendly staff and clean facility.  My children love coming here often.  There is so much to do.
Had gel removal & manicure. They did a great job & were so nice. Thank you to them!:)
OMG ! Best liquor store ever ! Highly recommend ! Everyone was so helpful especially Logan!!!!!
Bad parking Good d cor Well made fries Bland burger  Ordinary shake  Nothing to write home about
friendly staff, good food, EXCELLENT soups, especially the onion.
I really enjoyed the chicken over rice and the charsue ramen. I would go back.
the service was so good, I tipped her the rest of my $20 change from a $9 check
Horrible experience, bad service, sub-par food.
Didn't love it. Noisy, greasy, ridiculously unhealthy and you need to pay cash.
Very Good Sushi & I highly recommend the All You Can Eat for $25.95 (Dinner), best Sushi in Town!!!
Delicious Greek Food.   They have the best gyro pita sandwich in town.
Best pho I've ever had!  The servers could be a little more attentive but over all love this place
Biggest and baddest carwash in Gastonia
Great service very clean exellent food and super fast servioce would definitely come back!
Amazing sushi. We had the Surfer, Damn Good and Yellowtail in citrus. All were amazing.
Food is amazing, and we are foodies!  We got seconds. The people are so nice too. LOVE this place!
Food is decent and prices are a bit high.  Good Asian option and restaurant is clean.
Awesome coffee and place to hang out! Coffee is great every time. Decor is really cool too.
Absolutely the best chicken tenders, wings, and fries around. The service is friendly and fast.
Service was very slow but the food was good. The banana cream pie shake was AMAZING!!!
worst seafood place on the face of the planet  haven't been in years, not a fan  i'll never go back
Burgers are no joke! Bacon burger is covered in crisp bacon. Place gets packed at noon.
Great roasted garlic hummus, and their mojitos were surprisingly good too.
Store always has that pretty messy look to it. But hey, there is a post office in the back
Fast, delicious and reasonably priced. Staff is always friendly! Love the Tootsie rolls!
Clean space, good food quality and very friendly staff. There is a bit of wait during peak hours.
What a cute little (very little) spot. Original menu, not just the basic boring stuff.
Best SNS nails I've ever had! Very peaceful place..Kelly did a wonderful, thorough job. Thank you!!!
Great drinks and great service!  Order the dragon wings and you will thank me for it.
Fantastic ice cream.   It was very creamy  and packed full of flavor.   I will deintely return.
We love have breakfast here... Eyes can eat nice view too The breakfast steaks are amazing
Amazing yellow tail tuna sashimi & tempura shrimp. The mango passion fruit martini was really nice!!
Best viet subs in Brampton for only 3 dollars it's a hidden jem. Great spot to just pick up
Excellent service.  Get the cauliflower and pork belly tacos as appetizers.  Not crowded
Great work Doc!  Would highly recommend this place - friendly, clean and professional.
Good tasty flavorful pho broth!  Spring rolls are tasty too  definitely coming back! Nice and clean.
Horriable service, app came out after the meal, the place wasn't even busy... What a joke.
Love the sauce and seasoning and the pepperoni is the best, one of my fav pizza joints!!
Getting worse and worse. Terrible service and less guest than before. This place is going down.
I actually really like this place. I always get good fast friendly services.
Today was my 3rd visit to this location all 3 times the customer service was horrible!
This is the second worst casino I have ever visited in my entire life.  THE BLACK BOXES ARE RIGGED.
Good service got a good deal on Expedia
Always a joy to come here.  The owners do a fantastic job making you feel welcome.
We are picky.  All we can say is wow.  Great food and great value.  You gotta try it.
Two words: Jalepeno Margarita.  Just go.  Trust me.
So good they have a "Swear Jar" because when you get your food you will SY holly sh** that's good!
Lily knows her salt! I love the services that she provide.  And will be coming back again and again.
Nice staff but a little slow to make the order compared to other SB's I've visited.
When they ask you pool or city view, take the pool view.  Now they want us to upgrade!
A tremendous little farm.  The produce is excellent.  You will not be disappointed.
Always happy when I come in for some good Thai. Service is always great and favors are always good.
Excellent service and great food. A definite stop for dining off the strip!!
Really great food! The crab dumpling is  can't go wrong with much. Exceptional dim sum.
Great bar. Drea the best waitress in town
Good food for a new restaurant. 100% Worth it. Get the ribs with beans they're amazing.
Michelle is very helpful, with reasonable rates and good service,  highly recommended!
There's no building here anymore. Place was a dump anyway. Bunch of nigros shot the place up. Sad!
Consistently the best airport in the country!
Bad bad bad! Management is suck.  I will never come back and never ever recommend.  Losers.., Hh
Sushi was average & choices extremely limited. Drinks watered down. Atmosphere and decor are tops
Excelent... You have to try old fashion chesse burger basket and their chocolate shake
They changed management and now its just ok Chinese.
Tried to order online from an address on the same street, told they don't deliver here.
staff is very friendly and helpful, merchandise speaks for itself, love Disney products
Food is disgusting. Everything tastes like it has freezer burn. Even the tofu!
Idk why the place wasn't too busy, but the food was really good, exactly what I was looking for.
Had a box I needed to send out for a return. The UPS employee was super sweet and attentive.
They make great vegetarian Thai food - they do tofu right!
So good, so fun! I did it twice in the beginning of August! The best club crawl to do in Vegas!!
Great escape room. highly reccommend
Authentic great tasting Chinese. Very nice decor, we'll be back!
Great craft beer and amazing poutine! Everything I hoped for when choosing this place!
Great experience replacing tires! No BS, Jamie knows his stuff and exceeded expectations.
Great woman at front desk when we arrived. She was helpful and knowledgable.  Fun hotel.
best ice cream shop in the GTA, its worth leaving the city for.
do not rent your rental car from this enterprise location. awful! rude & inconsiderate!
great job on nails, but too expensive for my taste for a basic mani and pedi.
This is the best pawn shop in town! Great staff -awesome stuff -super location  They've got it all!
The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.
Great food and huge portions. Our server, Alli, was awesome. Just make sure your hungry!
Good food and great, attentive staff. You can't go wrong with the generous and delicious portions.
Fried Catfish, Greens and BBQ, my kinda place. Good people there and good food!
Love the sushi. It's fresh and tasty. Also love the beef chow fun and tofu fried rice. Great staff.
great local art supply shop.  very friendly and accommodating staff.
Food is excellent! Service is so friendly, one of our favorite places for a nice but fast lunch!
very professional, dependable. would recommend to anyone. extremely happy with my services.
Not very nice people that work there, basically rude. Prices are a bit too high for the quality.
Don't be fooled by the name.   The waiters rush their diners to leave and expect tip asap
Try the paneer tikka masala; one of the better I've had.
Fabulous food!  Intimate seating inside but it is nice to sit outside in st mark square.
Fantastic. The outdoor garden is great. Very reasonable. BYOB.
It's OK. I would expect better considering this is Phoenix AZ, and mexican food places are all over.
Great place! They always take care of me and have the best quality medicine for the price!
Great sushi. Lots of variety. Fresh and fast service. Small place but perfect for takeout.
all was good but cannot find where to check my gift card balance. its a joke.
Cute little local business with delicious ice cream, excited to try some pastries next time!
Stan is a real pro! He takes time to make sure he does a good job!!
I love going shopping here, this is the only place that I can find my mochi icecream
The tacos and the food are really great and our server was really helpful and courteous.
Best hairstylist I've come across! He can make my thin hair look fuller and bouncy! Love
Stunning venue, great price, terrible management, shady practices.
Dinner here was very good.  Service was excellent and the salad bar was well stocked.
Best Burger yet!!  Oh and I had a very tasty strawberry milkshake.  Food here hits the spot!
I had an exceptional experience with this staff and Dr's! I recommend them frequently : D
Gr8 prices on halal meat when compared apples to apples one could save arleast 30% on retail prices
Very friendly staff! My grandchildren love going to school here! Also the rates are very affordable!
Great food.  I eat here every time I'm in the GTA (about once a month). Mango Lassi is so good!
Food was good. Don't expect it to be like the other Nobu spots, not near as good.
The smoked wings are KILLER! Can't recommend them enough!  Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Good food, remember coming here and it wasn't so bad just some minor issues.
Internet is decently fast. Seats are comfy. Great seating at the back with some outlets and tables.
They have A fire place inside , and they use it . Very nice , and clean .Easy to make friends .
Always a pleasant experience.  Kat gives me lovely casual cut every time! Highly recommended!
The ambiance is amazing. Everybody is friendly. Our waiter Jackson is the best!!!  food is yum!
California bowl was amazing.   Very calm relaxing atmosphere.   Quick efficient service.
Amazing food!!! Amazing service!!!! You can't go wrong w/their vegetables & chicken Katsu curry.
Great pho!!! Especially if you live in NYC with absolutely no authentic pho to eat!!!!!
This is the best Thai restaurant I've ever eaten at. The fried rice is to die for!
The men's locker room needs a lot of attention. Some machines don't work properly.
Food wasn't that great, service was average. I personally wouldn't go back or recommend this.
Pretty darn good food and service! Will come back!!
Big fan of teriyaki maddens chicken Katsu and the spicy chicken bowls are delicious and healthy
Dance all night long, and the beers are seemingly CHEEP!
Their 4pm yoga class is amazing. It is a great way to start your weekend.
Best tasting pizza in Toronto! family owned, authentic Italian pizza... Fast delivery! Must try. :)
Speedy service. Fair price. Didn't screw me.  Kevin was helpful and explained everything.
Real German schnitzel and solid beer selection.
Always good food and good service! Hot & sour soup is my favorite. Come here at least once a week.
It was merely OK. Service was quick and friendly. Menu is small. Dining room is dark and crowded.
The Cowfish is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte. Amazing food and amazing service.
Delicious Food, Friendly environment & everyone is very attentive... Will definitely come back.
Loved it! great atmosphere and the food was decent, the drinks were fabulous!
Amazing facility!!! Beautiful space with fantastic resources. Nice and quiet. Top notch.
Delicious. No nonsense thin crust pizza. Mmmmmm.
I liked the Mesa Grill in NYC is better.. They have stronger flavors at that location.
Awesome food! Shrimp tacos were bomb and being a first time client I can say they definitely won me.
Fantastic dive bar, comfortable settings, pool tables and daily drink specials, $2 pbr every day
A candy lover's dream!!  aisles and aisles of candy.  Seriously, a ton of them.
Seated quickly, service was prompt n polite, we always eat breakfast here, and it never disappoints
Can't wait to buy a wonderful treasure for our home, BB!  Always fun to shop with you!
Better then Butterfield's with cheaper prices. Ask for Lisa to get some of the best service.
Kiwanis park is beautiful! The lake is clean, the grass is trimmed, and the community is safe.
A group of 20 of us went here to celebrate my 40th birthday.......food a+++++ service a+++++.
I really like old timey stuff. And dessert. And tea. That is all.
All the food was great but the prime rib was the best I have ever had...
Had an amazing experience here. Definitely recommend Jena she is awesome knows her stuff.
simple/small place. ok service and ok food
great coffee . cute little coffee shop by my favorite pizza joint. check it out is worth a try.
Super yummy pizza. Best if eaten hot. Pizza oven is heated with  Charcoal so the pizza tastes bbq'd.
Great pizza and wings, every time! Reasonably priced and a family favorite for sure :)
I wanted a  bite size portion of cheese and mushrooms  with cheesy goodness.  Didn't happen
Beef Noodle soup is a must. !!!!! Taro milk was amazing.  Fast and Great service with smile.
Good atmosphere Decent food Very pricey Not too many menu options to choose from Good service
Great place!  Clean and affordable! Tina was so nice!  The spray tan looks great!
best food ever
Just moved to the area.  Not impressed. Beef was chewy. Rice and egg roll had little flavor.
Great place to meet and talk Friendly staff and good atmosphere
Nice people did a great job on my apartment and finished on time , will use tgem again!
One ATM makes a line seem so much longer.
The best steamed rice toppings and ngohiong same as cebu. And best server just find Aileen!
Love this place, great pizza and wings,nice family, fast great service,will be back often
If you like to watch the paint dry on the wall, this is the place. Slowest bank ever!
Chef John sucks at everything. Luckily for him Anna is a great bartender and is super hot.
Sat at the bar and enjoyed the best negronis . Service was excellent and the food was exceptional.
Place is a favorite of mine. Monday nights amateur comedy is a good time. Divey but classy.
Tout simplement les meilleurs g latos en ville. Un vrai r gal !
I have my underarms, Brazilian and Legs done here. I love it shes fast and that eases the pain.
Best salads in Phoenix and the waitresses are hot. Need I say more?
BEST chile relleno on the planet. Cute place, out of the way, but go there for the chile relleno.
really good sushi and an nice quiet place to eat dinner.
First time tip: ask for the sauce on the side - wings perfect as they are, undressed!
Good, fresh food.  Burger was smaller than I expected but still tasty.
Incredible work by Jake.  Utmost professionalism and talent.  Jake is your guy if you like color!
Awesome neighborhood place - fresh food cooked to order while u wait
Always great service and wonderful food.  We had a great time, thanks!
mexican food. Burger and sandwich are good.
If you get nothing else, PLEASE get the yellow tail with jalape os! Most amazing EVER!
basic place but food and beer selection are good as is the service
Amazing architecture & design along with fantastic coffee makes for a great overall experience.
No complaints about this place. I will go back next time I am in the mood for a round of pool.
Great service, friendly staff for the most part.  I have never had a bad experience here so far.
Freakin' Delish! Friendly, delicious,  happy hour rocks! Even the normal prices are killer!!!
My request for some maps and booklets for a few states was handled very professionally and quickly.
Buffet was GREAT but the managers' attitude SUCKS !!! They need to retrain in Customer Service.
Lots of food, interesting decor, pan fried dumplings especially good
Just very hip and out of place. Not a fun record shopping experience staff not particularly helpful.
Food was amazing. BEER was cold! And the service was beyond reproach!!! Ask for Lauren
Best reuben sandwich I have ever had.  It is nice to get a table with the conservatory view.
Ordered a handful of times, some of the best I've ever had. I now recommend to friends in my area
I ordered the Babe Ruth pizza and it was pretty delicious! Next time I'll order easy topping!
Getting better - way better than taxi cabs
For professional tats art this is the best spot in Brampton, you guys keep on the good work! Cheers
Great fast Chinese food like you would find in NYC - try it. Cheap & fresh, love this place.
Service and food were great!!!  Make sure you request Donna as your server she is awesome !!!!
The food was meh. Service was meh. Margarita was awful. Chips were overdone. Won't be back. Ever.
Awatukee's little hidden gem.  Very good and very fresh, not greasy.  Friendly staff.
I liked it, but got my sodium intake for a month
Decent Chineese food. Large selection, and cheap price. Lemon pepper wings are the truth.
The Bartender and Staff are top notch. No other place to go to for great conversation and good food.
The staff is always upbeat and friendly and the service is always quick!! :)
This pizza is bomb!!! Quick and friendly service. Can't wait to come back to Vegas and eat here.
Great place with excellent coffee. If you are looking for a good cafe latte you will find it here.
The cold noodles are a little lacking Very busy at night Service good down a little during that time
Worst ever this isn't BBQ. And portions the size of childs meal. Good service. Bad food
Beat margarita pizza I've ever had.  My sons had the Canadian.  Both delicious. We'll be back!
I think this is the best sushi in Chandler.  The prices are great and the sushi is fresh and delish!
Egg Benedict is really nice. I ordered 'Rainbow'. It tasted awesome.
The nachos are amazing but even better with their amazing margaritas!!! Can't wait to come back
Had a fish taco, love it!  And love the lone star hot sauce!
He did just what I wanted him  to do and kept in touch and priced right.
Absolutely fabulous! Was highly recommended and they did not disappoint. We will definitely be back.
Amazing drinks specials and tasty Mexican - pretty much all ya need!  Relatively cheap prices too.
street tacos done good! (from a food truck)
Everything I've ever had has been good!  It's so nice to have a truly professional bakery here.
one of the better vietnamese restaurants around. i like any of the bun or rice dishes.
Best corned beef hash ever.  Diner is awesome.
Ive had a better Chicago dog outside a home depot. Service was good but food not so much.
Hands down my fav place to go!! So glad they opened a second location at the orchard. It's perfect!!
Tried the brisket pho and it was delicious and the tai tea was also. Will be back again
Great workout - you will come out sweating and feeling good too.  One hour goes by fast.
Ehh, it was only okay.  Service was decent and food was average.
good momos.. good curry..busy place.. reservation needed
Great pizza!  Good daily specials and cheap drinks.  Nice people and usually a good time!
I though I knew how to cook a chop.  Nope.   Everything was excellent!
Favorite donut place in town. Great variety and service.
great service and have good deals. come here every single time! ;)
The best Thai food in the valley! The owner always remembers my name and staff is always friendly
Trust me when I say do not order the sweet-and-sour chicken. You will be disappointed!
great fun but poor food and service. Drinks are high in price from other bars in town.
Laser tag was super fun. Lots and lots of jumping fun to wear out those kids!
Female was rough in my son after I said he was tender headed. Cut ok but I've seen better.
I believe it's best taste in Monrovill . Really good service.
The food here is absolutely off the hook good! If you do not like great food, go somewhere else.
Best pizza! Love the pizza crust as an appetizer and then the thin crust pizza for dinner/lunch.
Open late. great service. And real Japanese working. no Mexican sushi.
This place never disappoint me excellent service and food is always good! Love their ceviche
Die hard cinemark customer!! Will continue to watch movies at this location.
Best ceviche I have ever had!!! Crave it all day everyday. Hands down the best in Arizona.
The bartender is the opposite of great hospitality, he didn't even offer to make me a drink. Wow!
Vous trouverez un bon expresso dans cette cha ne en Am rique du Nord ....
Always clean and tidy wish they made this a bigger target thou. Staff is always pleasant and u
Love the steaks here! Service is always A+
Finally a good Cafe Rio that actually cooks rice all the way through and has awesome service
I love this place!! This is the only place I trust with my gels, acrylics and pedicures!!
Great friendly service in a welcoming atmosphere.  Nice selection of good food.
Service was excellent. Atmosphere was good. The salmon and tofu scallops were amazing!
Very friendly, informative, and FAST experience. Amazing food, would DEFINITELY recommend!!
Best bar we've been to in Vegas. Ester is an amazing bartender that made the experience even better.
Quick service and the food is always delicious. The omelet and seasoned potatoes were so good.
excellent breakfasts - Portuguese sausage yummy.  super warm staff.
It was awsome !! I older ribs and wings.   Staff is very friendly . I'd like to go back again!
If you're missing that evening Filipino bbq binge, this is the place for you and your folks! :p
Loved this! Awesome service, great steaks, perfect birthday dinner!
Great drinks.  Great vibe.  Ask for Nicole as a server.  She was friendly and professional.
Dear Benjarong, We still love you. PLEEEEEASE move to Downtown Mesa!!
Nice take away.  In a plaza next to Sears.  Nice selection.  Friendly staff.  Food is good.
The food and service was excellent. We ordered all the veal options and it was amazing.
Mitchell's icecream is the best.....pralines and carmel salt together is out of this world!
Got my food real fast (Express, I guess). Curry rice was over-spiced, not tasty at all.
Great food great prices, pool table and bar area connected but separate from retaruant. Will return
Great food,  incredible staff (today we had Seth), impeccable desserts. Love Seasons 52!
Great food.  Really tasty and fresh.   Super great value.  Nice folks.   I will come back often.
Great meal today. Everything was great.Service was somewhat slow. Miriam & David
Explosion Burgushi. Awesome onion rings. Superb sweet potato fries. Worth the hour long wait.
Yummy, clean flavors. I tried the old school, Maui wowie, sweet cheeks, and some others.
Service was good,food was good, banana pudding so Good make you want slap your grandma
http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/2010/12/20/20101220chandler-movers-sued-judgment.html
Great menu.  The Guiness Pot Roast was the best.  Great atmosphere and service as well.
Best bbq in Charlotte IMO.  Pork is chopped and true eastern style.  Delicious.
I love when you can get local food on the road ! Big servings, Taste good,
The view is awesome. Great service! The food is really good.  The kids love the slide. Great time!
Rustle is a cool dude, knows how to chop. Solid spot off the strip -- located at Rock A Doo.
Casual upscale dining for reasonable prices.  Gotta get the sorbet in the awesome carved ice block.
Fantastic!   we had stromboli rollotini.  Could have shared one,  so big,  and so delicious
They were pleasant and friendly and they did a great job.
Wow they have the PINKBOX.....yeah buddy! It's a smaller selection but there still delicious!
great El Patacon Pisao! Unique cuisine, great service!
Customer service lacks ALOT to be desired!  Something in the food irritated my lips!!
Glad to arrive to this airport and glad to leave it , lol.  Overall a nice airport.
Amazing food, John and Jason did a terrific job in assisting us with the menu. Extremely helpful.
The best waffles in town. They're Liege-style with pearl sugar, and they're incredible.
Outrageous prices for preowned!!!!
Huge portions.. and the best smoked meat around.
The chicken caesar wrap and sweet potatoes fries are delicious.
This place is weird.. they had some guy trying to give me a foot massage.. ah no thank you
Absolutely love this place. Great food with great service!  (Thank you Courtney). Highly recommend
I had a very pleasant experience with Allan and Randy on purchasing my Pioneer 1000 5 Deluxe
Tried mantoo were amazing! Great service and the prices were reasonable!!! Defiantly going back !
my favourite buffet. not so busy as like buffet on blvd. waitress is nice, food was good
Decent food.  Service was fine.  Veal panini could have used a little more veal for the money
Decent food, incredibly slow service. :(. Came for lunch. Only a few patrons. Disappointed.
Exellent website design, and done fast. Easy to work with, and very reasonable
Had the Chicken Wrap, it was okay, wouldn't go back because they didnt use gloves when making it
This is the worst store ever simply because the staff is crap , owner should find new employee
Very nice studio. Friendly staff and Scarlet my lash technician did a great job very full and fast.
Best ice cream hands down.  A tad expensive but I'm willing to pay more because it's that good!
Very clean and the young man has a great attitude, I'm glad I found this beer my house
The best made order sandwiches in town. My personal favorite is albacore on multigrain bread.
Excellent wait staff, mouth watering food! Try the lobster tempura maki.
Hands down the best wings I have ever had. They have specials like .65 cent a wing done in only.
amazing overwhelming store full of treasures for the retro nostalgic lover.
If you like burgers then fat boy is the place to go very good service and food always good
Delicious!  Ultimate Japanese comfort food.  Got the spicy pork cutlet and it was just right.
This place is hands down the best spot for breakfast or bunch in the southwest west..
Excellent acrylic nail fill and pedicure. My hubby was pleased with his manicure and pedicure.
Crowded but well laid out.  Security moves fast and lots of good shopping for kids at home.
The area and service here is great but I wish they had a better variety of frozen yogurt.
Hidden gem in Robinson.  Affordable, good service, all you can ask for.  Excellent pizza!!!!!!!
Ordered the roast pork menehune. Looked like TV dinner.  Not coming back. The Siamin was horrible.
Mmmmmmm...... It was sooo good. We ordered a half gallon Mango Magrita it was soooo great!
Great selection. Expert knowledge. Love the square wallet checkout. Super fast.
They've upgraded the seating in the theater! Nice big comfy red recliners! Must visit here!!!!
The best! Now I really miss Home. The Chicago Mix is the Best!
Went for dinner last night and had fabulous meal and amazing service!!!! Will definitely be back!!
My new favorite restaurant! Super fresh, great tasting food! Lots of healthy vegetables.
Delicious, friendly staff. Favorite item there are the Crab Puffs, yum!!
Love my nails and they always are so nice and Love the champagne while we got our feet rubbed
Still high marks on the food, but would have to agree with Chris L on uneven quality of service.
Fabulous place. Burritos are authentic and delicious!!! Workers are super nice and welcoming.
I love this office. Any time I need anything they get it to me quickly. They are also so friendly.
We have looked far and wide for good pizza and finally found it here!
Marissa did an awesome job taking care of us! Everything was timely and shes an awesome personality!
The food and service were both amazing.  The view was fantastic and we left fat and happy!!
Cool local spot but there are definitely better options for the ambiance and price point.
Always consistently great food! Love sitting in the bar area for the open seating and TV's
Bon service, menu int ressant, bon prix. J'y retourne? Peut- tre
First timer; I had a Wreck sandwich with mushrooms.. GRAAT HOT SAM, with great bread!
Bar staff is always friendly and welcoming. Great drink prices and always an exceptional experience.
Very mediocre. Food was bland and it felt like a chain.
My favorite happy hour in VEGAS!  Amazing sushi, incredible service, and all that goes with it..
i loved the atomsophere, food was great and great service
Had this place last night. It was great. The way they do make it, it is soft fluffy ice cream
Tried restaurant out at lunch on the way to Utah.  Food was average. The lotus wrap rice was bland.
Omg I wish I lived near this park. Ran a 5k! It is beautiful. I would run here everyday!
Loved it here!! Awesome food and atmosphere; perfect for if you are coming from seeing a show!
Other than the longer-than-usual line, it's your typical Starbucks.
Kathy was great. Did a beautiful job on my French pedicure. Customer service was wonderful!
Super friendly and make you feel welcome and at home. Big portions, good food, simple
Great value and extra bonus to watch the F-16 and F-35's take off and land next door!
Great food, great environment and awesome staff. What else can you ask for? Definitely coming back.
Close to home and always consistent.  a great spot to go and well priced.
Do not order the grill chicken club, the lettuce was rotten and the sandwich had a horrible taste!!!
Terrible Chinese food ... get a new cook
Love my car buying experience!  They were very fast and friendly.  Tyler and Michael were great!
Good but chile was not hot enough ambiance ok. Service great I will come back to heck out the chile
Food is OK but service struggles due to heavy understuffing. Coffee and eqqs may arrive cold.
Best in town! Stop by. Its close to the strip. Great shop. Great customer service.  Great product.
Everything here is delicious! The perfect mix of spices. The mango drink is the best!!!
Always have great service & great food. I recommend the ahi tuna tacos as an app or small plate!
Very good Vietnamese food. Authentic Vietnamese taste Highly recommend if you want Vietnamese food
Always helpful staff and great selection of products. One of the best Lowe's in the city.
I feel in love with the tiger shrimp tamales! Oh and that bread basket....Yum! Well done!
Zach was our installer. Very helpful and knowledgeable. I'm glad a signed up with Black Hat!
Check in was good.  There was a little confusion, but it was quickly resolved.  Room was clean.
An extremely enjoyable experience. The organic pedicure was amazing. Can't wait to go back.
better than burger king...and that is saying a lot in the fast food industry
Excellent holiday lighting company. Great customer service from start to finish. Very happy!
high quality sushi for fair prices. very fast with their take-out orders.
Came in on a Sunday and the place was busy but they got 2 of us in pretty quick.   Would come back.
Delish Stromboli ...takes a bit of time but well worth the wait ...service was good too
Good Kottu - at a good price
Good but Raising Canes chicken fingers are better IMO. Fries are the bomb!
the. best. vanilla. ice. cream. on. earth.   period!
Meh. The food was good but their service was so, so.  The broads were sweet & entertaining.
No doubt 5 star. The best in Vegas don't even think about exploring for another choice.
Salon D'Shayn is a world class salon experience! D'Lisa is amazing and super professional!
Love Sharon! I have never found a better nail specialist than her!
Hole in the wall spots are always the best tasting!
Great service!
Great quality of produce, great service.  Best steaks in town!  Better yet, they're open 24/7 now.
Love this place. Pork belly rocks.
Good place  lots ofolder folks hear. Bring food to tyou really fast. Friendly, community oriented.
Andrea is great and is always able to get me in when needed. I highly recommend Sei Bella.
Best ice cream ever! Black licorice is the best!!!! Friendly staff love this place!!!
Cant smoke cigars on patio but can smoke cigarettes.  Makes loads of sense.  Wont be back.
Very clean , nice beds , lots of options & friendly helpful staff. I would recommend them .
Excellent, fresh Filipino food.  Order the Lechon Belly, Crispy Kang Kong and Egg Rolls
Great pita gyros! Big portions, and great bakalava too.  I'll be back.
Great view from the top, well worth the $5 round trip ticket.
I have been calling the phone number forever and i keep getting "this number is unavailable"
Best frozen yogurt in town. So many toppings and flavor options. Very friendly staff as well.
For a quick fix it's good but don't  come at 5. A line almost out the door one server, one cashier
Get the tofu pho. You won't regret it! The tofu is fantastic and the broth is event better!
closed!!!   )-;
MILLIE VARGAS gave the best deep tissue massage of my life. I will be back to see her again.
Dr. Wood is awesome and his staff is great too.
A bit of my hometown on the Vegas strip! Doesn't get much better! Chicago mix please!
The food is definitely not memorable, but the beer is good!
The food is fantastic and the service is great!  We will come back soon.
Very good desert place, a place to hang out after dinner.  I would recommend this to anybody.
Great choices and delicious!  I usually stop here when I'm at the farmer's market
Food was good, service was excellent and TVs big snd set on the right games. Definately go back.
First real poutine experience! It was mad greasy and delicious!!!
Always a great time. Ashley H was great as usual.   Loco Moco with Portuguese sausage.
Standard americanized sushi with a southern twist.
Love salon Estique! I always feel so welcome and they really listen to exactly what you want!
I dream about this place all the time. Excellent pizza great prices- very generous with toppings
They've ruined both balloons and peanut butter for me.
Fast and friendly service. I will definitely take my vehicle back to Ron for my next smog.
Phone order your food ahead of time.. The batter they use for the wings here are amazing!
Excellent food small place good service seems healthy.. wings are bomb curry was good
Do NOT order mussel!!! It's not fresh, and I don't think it's fully cooked. It made me sick.
Delicious coffee and breakfast! Cute little patio tucked away is perfect start to the weekend!
Every time I come here its always good nice loves it sis loves it I love it food is always good
Its close, convenient, and great for anything gaming. Its definately my favorite onestop-gameshop!
I will try again when they have so e time to work out the bugs.  Need some sort of children's menu.
Glad to see Ike's doing well. Had the Madison Bumgarner on the Dutch Crunch bread. It was good.
This place is delicious. I had their brisket, mac and cheese, and corn bread. Bomb.com!!!
This is my new favorite sushi place. They have amazing rolls as well as pork belly tacos.
I hate Shitsburgh, but this place does it right! Hands-down the best sandwich on the planet
Came in for mani pedi. Great services and relaxed. Def recommend this place to anyone. Thank you!
C'est cher mais c'est bon. La waitress  tais super cool et on as jamais manqu  de caf .
Terrible company to work with, would not recommend them to anyone.
Awesome banana pancakes!  Dani was super nice, and the food came out quickly.  Great experience!
Yummy cheese burger! I gave them only 4 stars bc they are charging 1$ for the smallest side of mayo
The menu was exactly what we were looking for after a day at the pool. Fresh and light.
Absolutely delicious! The shawarma is out of this world! Everything was fresh, and tasted homemade.
Great experience!  I saw Macye for a haircut and she was super nice and did an awesome job!
Nice Cantonese food ! I love it, if I have chance I will go there again! :)        
You can order just about anything deep fried here.  The fried oreos alone are worth the trip
This Hotel/ Casino is dated but an Icon of he Las Vegas strip.
A good go-to restaurant. It is definitely on my list of favorites.
Cheap juices for sure. Small lounge though. Employees are all nice and know their products.
Omg !! Best best best !!! Trust me, and I'm really picky. I'd give the service and the food 5 stars.
Love it. Don't go because I don't want to wait to get a reservation. Best dumplings in the Bay Area.
Over priced and owner is rude...a lot of hype about nothing. ..Trader Joe's is much better
Tony's Son, Mark is awesome. Extremely nice and helpful
Real italian food. The sauces are a true meaning of gravy.
We like this place. The prices are good as is the food. When they say hot, it's very very spicy!!
What a great find! The service & the food were excellent.  & some of the best Mole sauce ever.
Have not had a bad meal here yet. Dine in or carry out, Big Heng is the best Chinese food in AZ!
A great place for customers who not knowledgeable and know the science about batteries
Not crowded... Don't make ya wait outside when ur too early.... Clean a+
Proper British fish and chips. Flakey and not greasey. The Gloucester pie was also tasty.
staff is always nice but often confused, sandwitches tastes yummy and fresh bread is always good
Beautiful hotel. Very clean and extremely personable and helpful staff. Would highly recommend.
Holy sushi, Batman!!!   This place was awesome!!
Perfect sliders. Awesome fries.  Perfect black and white milkshake. Perfect first meal in Vegas.
A hidden gem. This place is worth a visit.
Idk what was wrong today but all the pumps were out of order.
They dont deliver to the areas they say they do. Bullcrap.
The place is great and Julia did an amazing job! Hope to be back soon. Thank you Julia!
Best gyros in town! Nice staff! Small place but don't let that fool you. The food is amazing.
Great place for drinks with friends. Ambiance is really fun. Food is decent. Worth the try.
Love this place! Great service and very fast. Amazing selection, and always delicious!
Had them wash my car at work and they did a great job. Will definitely use their service again.
Amazing food and service! Some of the best Asian food I've had! Waitress was extremely friendly!
Great place. Love the variety in the menu. Fresh bake cookies is such a great dessert!
Rudest woman in Montr al. Went in to buy some bagels and she snapped at us. Didn't buy them.
Super fast and Ron was the best! I always come here for my smog and I'm never disappointed!
It tasted fairy good! But the sever made this experience 5 stars! Ryan is the best server
Nice place!! Waitress was friendly.  I had order the vegan chick'n nacho and it was great!
Best Chi in Henderson.  Their coffee is not bad either.  Very good place for lunch.
Great spot for seafood. The Wildfish Salad entree is unique and delicious
Just had the best massage of my life! Thanks Christina!  The whole experience was awesome too!
Disclosure: we just drank on the rooftop. Nice looking place.  Cool bartender.  Stiff drinks.
One of my favourite restaurants in town (I'm vegetarian.) Love the enoki mushoom balls!
One of best sushi experience I've ever had. The quality is amazing. Can't wait to come back.
I placed an online order through Theo group ordering system and loved the ease of the transaction,
Fun family atmosphere ...just kinda priced 2 high
The sushi was good but I've only tried this place so far I need to explore more sushi restaurants.
not sure about this guy.  not very trustworthy.  only wants cash for full price.
Great service and awesome donuts with some interesting flavors.
We are still waiting over an hour to transfer title. Plan enough time since the staff is very slow!
Horrible customer service and the young lady at the  cashier station was rude and disrespectful
Good happy hour. We always order shumai. This is one of Our favorite restaurants. Happy hour is 6pm.
Good mens cut. Unfortunately had to wait over an hour.
Greg, the owner is a good guy, dependable, honest, and affordable.
Delicious great service. I definitely recommend if your looking for some good barbecue.
The napa store off of Cheyenne and civic center have the most helpful personal there.
Small portions displayed on small plates to give the illusion of more food.   Not flattered.
not sure about what's organic and what's not  good falafel  all smoothie have hella caffeine
Free wifi is a plus. Far away car rental brings the star down. Terminals can be far.
This is my favorite gym to come to and the biggest out of all EOS gyms. Great customer service.
Great wings and fingers! Garlic Parm fries are ridiculous!
Enjoyed the nachos. Probably a great venue to watch sports with friends.
Best meal we had on our trip to vegas! The shrimp was amazing! And our bartender Felicia was great!
amazing esp on fries, they are so fresh and crisp despite the meat and sauces on them!! yumm!!
My clothes smelled like armpits & onions when I picked them up. I will never go back.
Tasty walleye, a yummy Bloody Mary and good service. But bring cash, or pay to use the ATM.
Nice and talented stylists, cool place, good music, could make an appointment with a short notice.
Great food! Waiter was awesome great view of the fountains if you sit outside.
Jerk employees at this place. Don't recommend anyone giving their business here. Look elsewhere.
Fun local chain in the Las Vegas area for breakfast!  Find one. Try it.  You'll like it!  :-)
mama spinato's garlic pizza is awesome, the salad is always fresh too - best to eat there -
The best mint chocolate chip ice cream ever! Made with real mint! Perfect treat for a hot day!
Great views. Skip the happy hour cocktails.
Cool place to get your car wash. Great price and friendly service. What more do you want? Go.
The front staff are amazing! And so is stephanie, I've avoided dentists but this is the place to be
Unlimited salad and bread sticks  customer service  kids crayons  over all experience 6.5691/10
Basic club, nothing special for the price. The manager Zach is rude. Bartenders are slow.
Amazing comfort food, the chicken pot pie is very good and I would strongly recommend it!
This place made the whole family happy. Good food. Good service (Tad).
Huge selection of flavours, but very artificial tasting. Good size wings and cold beer.
This place was great .. Service was fast, food was great and they had a huge menu for ayce!!
Opa!  The real deal - the music is playing, people are eating & dancing. We're all Greek today!!!
Fun place, the drinks are on the pricer side. Nice atmosphere and great tasting drinks.
Amazing! Great customer service and they know how to make an arrangement! Best in town.
Best tasting pizza with delicious garlic crust! And all for so cheap! Mmmmm :)
Excellent reflexology massage for an awesome  price in a spotlessly clean environment.
place is awesome. my parents and I went here in 2002.  wish we had one in Hawaii.
Not bad. I realy enjoyed there fire cracker taquitos appetizer. Tbone steak was good as well
Closed as of October 24th
Unfriendliest people ever. Do not take your child to get their license at this DMV!!!!!!!
This place is hella good... Quick and fast delivery too... Their Sicilian pizza is their best item.
What a great find!  Can't wait to come back with friends soon! Great broth, drinks and meat/seafood!
One of the owners, Josh, handled my warranty issue professionally and friendly -- thank you, Josh!!
service was awesome,  thanks Ash Happy. veggie Benny....yum. hash browns too salty for my taste.
Amazing food. We order a California burger and it didn't disappoint. The Stout was amazing!
The place is cute and pinterest friendly. Not many options for food though - overall good.
Really fast. Hardly any wait and they did such a good job on my brows!  Definitely check them out!
Clean environment, okay food, unhappy and unfriendly serving staff and manager. Street parking only.
Everytime I've been it's amazing. The cooks are the coolest. Hot almond milk tea w/ boba omg
Super impressed with everything I ordered. This is our new Thai spot from this point on
Great food good service, everything is delicious, and you get a little fortune cat HOPEFULLY!!!!!!
I always go back! My favourite dishes are Moussaka and the Cornish hen. The service is great too!
Great Brazilian Jiu Jitsu.  Train with Sidney Silva and a great team.
Good job, came on time cleaned up the driveway, courteous, timely service.  Highly recommended.
Great place for drink in Vegas!!! Employees are nice and drinks are delicious. Will come back!!!
Alex our server was the best. The brunch selection and the bottomless bloody Mary's were the bomb.
I was happy With my results. Steve and Kelly were great.  Look forward to a followup.
Our pool went from yuck to yay in no time with this prompt, courteous, professional service.
Best place for any Pittsburgh merchandise. Beats most places on prices and very helpful staff!
Amazing food, cash only is the only downfall, other than that, food is superb and price is great!
Waiting in line for 2 hours on the guestlist on a monday night is epic fail.  I am dumb.
Worst wait service! I was told I'd be seated in 15 minutes, 40 minutes later barely seated...!
Owner greeted us several times! Service and food was excellent! Visiting from Dallas,tx
The place is small and cute. Downside only one bar and the restroom is icky. The music was cool.
One of the best pizza places in the Phoenix area. They have specials every day of the week.
Best falafel in the midwest, and I've tried dozens.
This is a hidden gem. They serve large  portions. So tasty! & the staff is so friendly.
http://stellarperspectives.wordpress.com/
Ordered from here a few times and thought it was execllent... great flavors and not greasy at all
Cold over priced old food. i do not now how people go there?
Yes, it's OK hotel in Vegas. Pool is far away from room. Their sports bar staff are friendly.
Great prices and solid food. You can't go wrong hitting up this place near the strip.
Good food, decent selection, open late (for you partiers), decent delivery time.
Had the banana nut custard! Western Special!  This place is a Vegas Icon!!!
The Pho broth was some of the best I've ever had. The portion was small for the price though
OMG! this place is awesome! the service, the food and everything is just great! I love this place
Great service from Lee McClennin our serverlast evening.  Drinks and food are just okay.
Great service, lots of T.V.'s, varied menu. Definitely one to put on our regular list.
Excellent service, excellent food, excellent decor.  Just wish they had Wifi for their customers.
This is it! I couldn't ask anymore than that!! I mean, what else do you need?? : )
Great wine list and excellent food.
Got a brand new 6.5 ft X-Mas tree for $10. It was marked $39.99 from Walmart.
Did great rainbow nails! But were kinda rude and wouldn't let me leave until I posted this :)
Very good service and best pizza in town! extra super points about having it gluten free!
Great service and great food! Jamie was an excellent server and the food was served hot! Very good!
New Japanese restaurant in the area. Good ambiance and good selection of ramen and sushi
This place is very interesting never been anywhere like here but it's good not bad and tasty meats
Really nice place really nice environment. Note that prices are vary for each hair stylist.
A  better place for a family dine in strip but not a great authentic taste can try once
Ed, Patricio, and the rest of the crew did a fantastic job. We love our new backyard!
Nice and quiet, great place to dine, coffee, or business meetings.
Always a good cup of coffee, they use 49th Parallel coffee which I am quite fond of.
Hands down, the best punk rock festival in the US.
Best pedicures in town! Get my acrylics done here and pedis. Super friendly staff. No troubles ever!
Just an awesome local pub! The renos have made it an incredible place to enjoy!
Very nice and clean salon. The customer service was great as well. I will definitely be coming back.
Amazing donuts with quite a variety. It is a family business, and everyone is always FRIENDLY!
Great cafe for coffee and baked goods. Nice setting with large tables and  friendly service.
Great space, friendly and professional staff, and a really good pedicure. Highly recommend Sekai!
Best oxtail soup.  The broth was amazing! Tha owned was awesome and the service was fantastic!
it's a bridge.  its job is to get you across a body of water and it succeeds.
Great pasta and have eaten here more then 40 times..  Cheap wine too!
Very cool vibe! Didn't know Phoenix has places like this - definitely worth checking out!
Food was great and service was great, but the sausage was overcooked. Really nice. And stuff
1st time here and i love their frozen custard. I just wish they can open a little bit earlier. :D
Je suis un mauvais perdant. I am a sore loser.
The service was fantastic here. Top choices were the taro, chicken feet and sesame ball. Fresh!
Love this place! Very clean machines run great. Just home away from home place to clean ur clothes.
don't waste your time...it is rip off....on your money....they will try to up-sale you on things.
Been going her for years since 2015 best hair and wigs   great quality and last ling no shedding
Cheyenne gave us incredible service for brunch. Delicious food and drinks! I highly recommend
had a groupon... Great deal. Sat in the bar and enjoyed dinner. Ken was great, and the food was too.
Round-trip shuttles for $15.50 from the strip, priced it with Lyft which is about the same.
Yummy!!! Mac and cheese popcorn! Stop by! The variety is fantastic!!! Pickle flavor popcorn!
Loved the salon vibe. Very young and casual. Owner Sarah is awesome! Great cut. Great energy.
Great wings!  Just did the wing challenge and got the free t-shirt.  We will be back!
 . ! . .
Paul is terrific.  I highly recommend him.
Best baklava I have ever had!!!! soooo happy. Would have posted a picture but I ate it too fast.
I have seen Romantasy Cabaret here a few times, the venue is small and personal. Good layout.
Pretty average American eatery. The name is cafe Bellagio and  that's what's working for this place.
Best tamales in town. I really wish this company expanded more toward the SW of Vegas
Really fast and polite service. Everyone was pleasant and gave me my order exactly as I ordered.
We had the most amazing house keeper on Friday morning. Ana is awesome!! Thank you again.
Unbelievably annoying cold calls! Highland Resorts, YOU ARE SCUM!!
Great place for woodworking supplies and advice.  Friendly and helpful.
It wasn't that great, tapioca was bad, bubble tea tasted like powder. Never coming back
Buddy and I had a great time here.   Food is authentic and beer is solid.   Prost!
Family friendly fun salon for the kids and they offer  services for adults. Love this place!
The service was great. The meal was just average. A fun atmosphere to kick off an evening in Vegas.
Ooops, reviewed the wrong place. I'm sure adela's is just fine.
I'm a Texas boy that smokes meat all the time. The food here really impressed me. Great job.
Great go to spot in Vegas and Good deals for Happy Hour! Loved the ambience and margaritas :)
Great food and excellent service. Linguini and clams was amazing. Pssst.. try their arrabbiata sauce
Love their slushy drinks. You pay 20 for the first one and then the refills are 10! Great deal!
Crazy busy at lunch time!!! Truffle mac and stroganoff are their best dishes.
Great pizza, AWESOME salads with their house dressing and as always, a fun and lively atmosphere.
It comparison to Starbucks Frappacino... crap! horribly sweet and just frothy not slushy!
It's really hard to say bad to the sushi here, everything is so awesome, food, service,perfect 
Still love this place no matter what others say.  I think they have great expresso.
BEST PHO EVER! simple but sooooooo delicious! and for the money PERFECT!
I read all the hype and had to go get some pho. Staff was awesome food amazing. I will be back.
These guys did an amazing job, done on time and on budget. I'd use them again without a doubt.
Really good food and fair price. We had lunch there and really enjoyed. Quick and casual.
Amazing atmosphere and the food was to die for! Can't believe it took us this long to try it!
This is the place to go for your fingerprints. Family owned and run very fast and expedient
worst deli counter ever! very slow service and horrible packaging.
I use this service. A bit pricey but always a thorough job well done. Techs are very personable.
its a fun place for good food. not expensive just right for lunch!
I love this place strawberry shortcake doughnut is to die for. Not overly sweet just right.
What a GREAT time! Excellent tour - I'd do it again & bring out of town guests!
Highly recommend paella. But lobster is not so good. Maybe because it is not the right season.
Overrated. We waited for almost 1hr for our food to arrive even though it was a quiet dinner.
I so enjoy the coffee and the vibe in this entrepreneurial investment in our larger community...
What can I say, its an airport in Vegas.  Slot machines  Terminals  Gates  The End
Just a regular mall. Nothing too fancy.
Got the taro taro flavour this time, can't really taste the taro it was basically vanilla.
Fun atmosphere and great sushi! A little loud for a romantic night out, but great for groups.
Good, quality food. We've tried the chili cheese, mt fuji, and a few others ...
Great breakfast! Always great food! I always see Phx PD there so you know its good! lol
 
Excellent!
Great food and excellent service by Caylin and Eugene. Will come back tome and time again!
Don't go here unless you want to get blackout drunk, buy crack, or catch a disease.
So far so good..... we shall see what PRB has instore for us this year!
Ribeye was delicious, so was the ceaser made at the table. Super friendly staff , and a good time!
Kevin Crowley was awesome on both my deals took good care of me would defiantly come back
I love this place, great vibe, cool concept, good food...
ambience is good steaks ok.. had better
Went for back to school.  Cluttered store.  Cashier could not have gone slower.
I've been coming here for years!! I absolutely love their work. I totally recommend it 100%!
Spectacular food and drinks. Love the vibe.  Everything was exquisite.  Dying to come back.
Worst National location I have ever been through.  Manager does not care at all. I hate this place
I like the food - the drinks not so much. In nice weather sit outside for a nice view.
Each hair cut is even better then the last. Thanks Rustle! Your the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love this place. The pizzas are awesome, the salads are great, and the service is exceptional.
Food and drink are great.  Service is always really slow for happy hour.
Great bank great employees! Feel like I am wanted when I come here. Everything is also super quick
My fave for sportsbook, the pool, oyster bar, and local specials. So pretty too!
Very nice kbbq spot. Quality meat. Totally worth the money. Mizzo has great customer service skills.
Excellent prices! Stocked my back bar without breaking the bank. The ladies were also very helpful.
Love this place!!! Great nails, awesome shop, super clean! Thanks Kevin I love my nails!!
Wonderful shop, friendly staff, great coffee with people who know how to truly make it.
LOVED this place!!! Not an A+ in service but the food is like being back home in the Philippines
Was able to walk in and no pressure but still get the help needed... Hair match perfectly!
Food was yummy!!! Good portions, clean and very friendly. Kids loved the food too. We will be back.
Sydney is a true professional! Her center is absolutely beautiful. Highly recommended!
Under average greasy spoon. Low hygiene level. Cheap food, needs to save for diahreah meds.
Great food.  Definitely try the chickpea chili.  The atmosphere is very unique and quite pleasant.
A fun and raw experience worth trying while you're here.
Saw the movie "Born to be Wild" here.  Catch it in this great Cleveland location soon.
Omg! The best chicken fingers i think I've ever had so good!!! Can't wait to come back again.
Really great place to pick up vitamins and healthy snacks. I always buy my local honey from here.
Great place, I love it when the sushi chefs have kung-fu movies on.
Pizza was burnt and clearly warmed up with some more cheese thrown on top.  Won't go back.
Excellent biscuits and gravy he and sweet tea service was terrific atmosphere terrific
Love this local Bakery and Restaurant. Best cupcakes in the area and brunch is delicious!!
The best flamed chicken ever ... I wish Nando's had locations in Downtown or West Toronto
Excellent Sushi, I love the volcano Roll!  I say this is my hidden gem.
Always a good time. Just right kind of bar and food to just relax and watch some sports.
Straight slaps. The Chow Mein is smack with big noodles and not too greasy or too dry
Don't get fooled by the low rates. Excessive charge on the internet, uncomfortable and torn beds.
I was a walk-in customer and didn't have to wait love my fresh haircut thank you very much Joey!
Great menu, good value.  Lots of beer on the menu.  Love the Mac N Cheese squared.
They made my keys , their price is better than others. I saved time and money. Thanks for servicing.
This place can't be beat for its location and value! Say "hi" to Mamasan!
Great burgers and fries. Delicious wings and appatizers. The BEST servers. Highly recommended
this location is super slow!  food is ok ,but don't think it will be fast.  It is slow,slow,slow!
I scheduled to get quotes for landscape maintenance. These guys no shoes me 3 times. No calls, etc.
Expensive but soooo goooood and moist. You can never go wrong with Sprinkles cupcakes.
Very good pizza is huge tho 6 of us at and still had half a pizza left the wings are a must have!!
Half off a good selection of micro brews during the week. Outdoor seating in the summer. Free food.
Pretty decent place. Nice view. I don't think the quality of food matches the price though
Best burgers in Lakewood! Not that pricey and insane beer list.
I had excellent results; the team did a good job throughout my unfortunate ordeal.  Thank you.
This is eighth time eating here. Best korean BBQ in town! Food and customer service was great!
Nice! Good food; nice service; intimate atmosphere. I would return and do recommend to eat here.
This is one of my go to lunch spots when I'm at work. They are a great value for price and quality.
The best service and gelato ever!! It's a must stop shop!!! Jane is so lovely and friendly!!
This is my favorite milk tea place! Their classic milk tea with boba is . Friendly staff, too!
The portions were small and not very flavorful. A bit overpriced if you're trying to get full.
I was going to write a detailed review but it doesn't deserve one. This place sucks! End of story.
fabulous!!!!!!!! amazing flavors. chef beau just rocks
Quick service cheap food not outstanding but you can't screw up breakfast food that much.
My steak was soooooo tender! Couldn't have been any better! The sides were great as well.
Great lunch choice. Sandwiches made to order. Not as fast as Jimmy John's, faster than Potbelly.
Dr Bob and his staff are always awesome Been going there for over 10 years   Highly recommend!!
The kool aid takes me back. Love the corn cake too!
Yummy and fry sauce has a little kick! amazing!
La maison
Excellent neighborhood bar and eatery. Friendly staff, great prices, and a nice atmosphere.
thirsty thursdays= $1 Miller Lights! they have great specials every day though.
Amazing food and service!!!! The walls were painted beautifully, fun to look at, good music!
Over price, the layout was terrible and the talent was average. Don't waste your time or money.
Amazing food, great customer experience, you must get the carne asada fries and tacos!
Best viet food I've had in the US. Try the chicken salad and the bun Bo hue.
They ran out of injera when we came in for dinner. Taste was average. Not authentic enough.
Great doughnuts excellent variety all made fresh try the croissant doughnuts and good coffee
This food is delicious, the owner is a stand up guy. Everyone should come here!
Beans inside carne asada burrito.  Enough said!? No debit or credit.
This place is crap. Avoid at all cost, unless you want to pay $1000+.
Love this place.  Lots of choices and love the KURE on Tap Bar with so many different choices!
Great selection, good service. Recommend the sake sangria, spicy tofu on crispy rice & lotus roll
Yuuuuuuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Yum. Quick service and yum street tacos. Bomb dot com!!!
Amazing food and service. The bartender Zach is very accommodating and great environment
Manny is great and very nice. Order the marlin or gobernador taco. You wont regret it.
Great service and awesome food!! One of the best all you can eat I have been to here in vegas!
Miss coffee bean so much.... But after having one, I noticed I'm a Starbucks gal! Lol
Genuinely good, friendly people serving up some bomb-ass tacos on the cheap.
rat infested building D, 4th floor, in the walls and apartments.
Really good bar and Jamaican food. I went over for a happy hour and will come back.
Love this place!!!   Food was delicious. Chef even came out to say hi. Service was great.
I bought a burrito bowl yesterday and it was amazing! Great staff! Love the new menu!
Good service phad Thai so so at best Archis is way better
If you want deep dish pizza, this is a solid pie.  The thin crust is not the way to go here.
Clean and reliable, what more could you ask for? Oh sure they could fold your clothes for you but...
my go to spot for cheaper 'tea station' taste. that along is enough for 4 stars in my book.
Just as good as the other location on Charleston. Great food for a good price.  Highly recommend.
Classic Tomkotsu Ramen noodle taste. Reasonable price. Wait time 5 min. Small and cozy place.
Great food. Love the curry, took a while to be helped but once we were we had excellent service.
Murders, robberies, drugs, drug dealers, prostitutes... don't stay here esp if you have kids.
Really unique and good. Gotta try it once in your life
Very nice little place. Very tasty cake, almost as good as Lady M to me.
I really like the dark lit atmosphere. The sushi rolls and drinks were great and affordable.
Good food and good rose water lemonade. I always craving for these on Monday, that they are closed.
The food is great and the service is exceptional.  We've been twice and will keep going back!
Great treats and a beautiful display.
Look for the shortcuts out to the strip so you don't have to walk all the way they through a casino
Some of the best guacamole I've ever had. The margaritas are fantastic as well.
Chris is the best. He's been cutting and styling for years. HIs new location is wicked.
I really like this place. You really need to try it out.
Very nice staff, great cappuccino, nice atmosphere for working.  Thanks!
Pretty good food. Smaller portions available in addition to larger options which is nice
Patient...Very helpful..All the docs when couldn't help..He could help with shoulder tear.
Live talent is a great company to represent. I'm proud to be part of the team. Thank you so much!
Meilleur sushis de MONTR AL, bon rapport qualit  prix et le staff est tr s sympa et rapide.
Come see the special of the day great staff love the selection my favorite spot happy new year
been here only couple time for buffet. food is not bad good taste.  the price is good too.
Ashley at Jamba Juice was great she got my order ready ahead of time and I was not late for work
Best place to get breakfeast in town. They have many great lunch and dinner options too!
Always friendly and helpful. They have a great selection of premium dog foods.
Anyone who can get this cat to trust them with his nails deserves 5 stars +!!  Thanks!!
Horrible service.  Ruined two new suits and was non-responsive to my concerns.
Drove my garbage truck here only to find out that in fact it was not a dump.thanks alot tammy.
What a fantastic find!  The ice cream is the best I've ever had.   The service was excellent!
I had fish tacos! Fast service, great tacos and the place was packed
Everything was 5 star, Food, View, Service, Ambience..!! Highly recommend the Cod!
A very fun place for dinner. Food was great, prices were good and service was awesome!!!
Excellent crazy alfredo wife loved chicken parm Trey was great waiter
High quality, tasty food.  Loved the house salad.  My guest raved about his beef dish.
Sitting inside the cafe and enjoying the last glimpse of sunlight was such a memorible experience.
Great FOOD! Was so glad that we visited Vegetarian Haven.
Friendly staff.  Clean, big room.  Great location for McGill.
Never letting anyone touch my hair besides the salon owner, Heather Paulavage!
Just bought a business! I needed an iMac and iPad ASAP! Thank you so much guys!!!! Freakin rocks
Great style and attitude, says this New Yorker. Sarah is the gal to see
Best Greek food in Las Vegas!! I love the casual atmosphere and amazing quick service
Booo! You used to be  Boomerangs! I miss the bar!  Donuts are smaller.
I love my new convertible!
great diner. fast service. yummy food. glad i tried the chicken with waffle.
See my other review. The place is great.
A nightmare trying to schedule !!!!!! The staff is rude, and does not do as the doctors instruct.
Worst DJ is here. Way too loud on the microphone. I will not be going here.
I had a blow out in my truck that damaged the side and exhaust.  Mike did an excellent job with it.
Really enjoyed the jerk pork. The pickled slaw was something new for me that I quite enjoyed.
Great place for batting practice! The guys that work here are very dedicated and nice bunch of guys.
Wonderful pretzels and good food in a fun environment.  Cold beer to boot!
Good vegetarian selection. The tofu green curry was delicious!  Will definitely be coming back.
Horrible customer service. Made me feel very uncomfortable and not welcome there.
One of the best secrets in Las Vegas. The view and food are excellent. Prices are really good too.
Yummy food! Great all day happy hour and the service was great.
Great casual place.  We made it in time for the happy hour which made it very reasonable.
The food is AMAZING! The ribs are to die for and the steak is always prefectly made to your liking
Dark and dirty. And I could have sworn I saw a hobo sleeping in a poorly lit corner.
Great service at a great price!! Met with friendly faces at the door! Would recommend to everyone!
Did nothing for me, but other people love it.
Friendly employees, fast service, and a cool app for free drinks and/or offers.
Ronnie was awesome I'll keep coming back!
MYO cheese plate was so fun! Great drink selection... had sour beer and Moscow mules.
Nice selection but good luck finding anything! Very nonsensical organization of isles.
We've agreed to resolve our disputed privately
Horrible never coming back waited an hour for our food no reason
Lovely Japanese cafe for cake & simple noodle!  Lunch specials available!
I thought the service was expensive and the people were rude bordering on being condescending.
Fantastic beer selection, mix-n-match and fair pricing. What more could you ask for?
My family & I love to rip out & have a quick bowling round on Tunie Tuesday! Great atmosphere!
Love this place! The food and drink are great but it's a little crammed inside, space wise.
My stylist moved here, Lettie is a hair genius! She is also easy going and very courteous.
Best place for steak fast serve and delicious food.
Great, great sandwiches!
great atmosphere. good food. looong wait.
A pound of food for less than 10 bux? For all the value seekers out there, this is a holy grail.
Bogtrotters is so great. A true Cleveland original!
Consistently A great burrito fixed my way. Barbacoa has a nice bite to it..
Mall is okay. Semi ghetto. But it is close & they have reasonable stores.
Second time there.... man they know how to make ya feel at home...most definitely will be back
Great food!  Great service!  Knowledgable staff :).  Get the massaman curry - you'll thank me later!
Lucy does an amazing job. It looks beautiful and professional. I highly recommend this salon!
I ship their sauce to all my relatives all over the country. I love it!
Waiting for food for a while. Poor service, ok food. Nothing stellar. Cocktail was poorly made.
Very nice atmosphere. Service was friendly and great. Food and drinks were good too. Will go back..
We had a great ti me here.  Ate some snake, cactus and prime rib.  Can't. Wait to come back.
I was just there yesterday order for the whole Fam  best wings ever!!!!! Love the fries too.
Bread and lamb both tasted good and fresh. Service is also good.
The food and service is soooo good! The food is fresh and filling. Will be coming back
Not enough seating, and too hip for me.
Jovanni was a bright spot in our day. He was warm and funny and a great listener.
New chef and now the food is amazing. Make sure you get the deep dish and the pizza cookie!
Love it , great as always. They even had doggie treats for my Gigi.
Super friendly waitress and amazing watermelon mules!  Nice atmosphere sitting out back!!
Love the simplicity of this restaurant , fresh good food and great service! Never been dissapointed.
Really, really great service out in the garage to help me get the car I wanted!
Relaxing atmosphere. Clean place. Nice decor. Friendly service. Poor ventilation. Good portions.
I really loved the spaghetti vongole, great sauce served with warm baguette. Delicious
Great for brunch especially in the summer with multiple patio options.
I love this place the Puerto Rican food taste like it was made at home in the kitchen .
The peameal bacon sandwich is ALL THAT!  Nice for people watching.  Nice selection of drinks, too.
Great customer service. Scott helped me get Insurance on our new home. Highly recommended!!!
Yum! And very visually pleasing, too. I mean, how can you not love the poop emoji donut?!
Good selection of golf shirts in the men's department. Go figure.
They will cheat you on price. Buyer beware. This place is not friendly; they are scammers!
Nothing negative to say. I was impressed with steak quesadilla and overall service was great!!!
Excellent place to go for outdoor seating especially when the weather is nice!! Great food too!
This location is my favorite in the world, the cleanest bathrooms, friendly staff
Great food, very  fast and taste  Nice workers . Spaghetti was good nice taste best water
If is didn't have to give one star I wouldn't.... owner is a complete asshole. So unprofessional
By far my favorite sushi spot!!! Amazing food at a great price. Lunch specials are awesome!
Good location. Like that they have two fields.
Horrible, the owner is trash! And shady, would NOT give a written estimate...hmmm I wonder why?!
Bomb pizza little bit of a wait and was packed. Me and the bf shared a slice and knot I'd be back
Place was clean and not busy at all for a Saturday. Pizza was good compared to chucke e cheese.
satisfied my craving for spam musubi.  would go back for them!
Service is ok, fries are horrible. Last time I came I found a hair in my wings. Not acceptable!
The dispatch scheduler doesn't know how to schedule, pay attention, or provide any customer support.
Close to summerline, nice and clean...just get rid of the douche bags and it'll be perfect!
I tried the big kid grilled cheese with a side of tomato soup. It was delicious!
One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas! Always great quality food and outstanding service!
Well, all I bought here was plantain chips, and they were great: cheap and crispy!
No complaints. The pool was nice and apartment was big enough, but could have used some updates.
Love this place. Greatest nail salon I've ever been to. Great service. So fast. Full set. Amazing
Great and helpful staff. Clean and safe facility. I highly recommend this business.
Don't eat here.  I want it to myself.  This place is perfect.  ;)
Michelle Benson close this business down with no notice and an us with an active membership. Sad.
Nice clean movie theater. Good friendly staff
Love the selection and Bento boxes.  Kids beg to go here.  Go early-- its always packed!
Awesome food, our waiter Gene was the coolest, presentation was amazing.
Flavors galore Portions can be larger Desserts very good Located in the Venetian Hotel
Always tasty and seemingly healthy. Prompt service, creative menu.
Yea, the curry and naan were good, but way overpriced for the dishes. Service was also slow.
Very nice mango mousse cake, creamy and not too sweet!
Not a fan due to service.  Food was good.
They took out the ribs from the menu. Too bad. Not sure if will come back until they add ribs again.
Love working with Molly! She has a great eye for colour and is what keeps me coming back.
They have our Friday night online order ready on time and they never mess it up.
I love this Costco store! It's convenient, has friendly workers, and there pizza is always amazing!
The man that served me was very nice. The rice had lots of flavor.  There is a daily lunch buffet.
Great Restaurant To Get Your Pho Fix! Price Is Excellent & That's Why We Keep Coming Back!!
Had the prime rib and it was good. Great decor and atmosphere. Cheesecake is unbelievable
Great boba milk tea! & they have vegan options, which is nice (being lactose intolerant )
Shar and her staff are absolutely awesome!  Good, old-fashioned customer service!
Excellent! Delicious flavors including no sugar added options! Great toppings!
The service was good, but the ambience, and food was decent. I found it a little overpriced.
I needed a touch up on color and San Friend took me right in. Thank you.
Food and ambiance were very good. Nice creative place for vegas style dinner. I would go back.
Excellent location for lunch. Cute and quaint. The chicken salad sandwich is the best in the area.
Love that it is audience interactive and that I can take my teenagers. Lots of fun!
The wings are awesome. Nice big meaty breaded wings just like Hooters!!!
I tried them for first time at The Taste of Paradise.  Food truck creme br l e--brilliant.
Dr. Alex is great! Thank you for having a caring staff from the moment I walk into the office!
Gone downhill. Burger patty was smaller, cheese was cheaper, food was cold.
Very courteous staff and very flavorful food.  Best Asian fare I've had in the area to date.
The man took care of business and was ready to go to a house mixer. Great work! No problem.
Awesome, crazy, bacon-themed food.  Been here twice now, and Crispy's always delivers!
El aeropuerto es grande y tiene de todo, restaurantes, tiendas y hasta maquinitas tragamonedas.
Great breakfast and tons of night time fun with bull riding, BBQ and even Friday nite fish fry!
Clean environment, reminds me of Starbucks with Doughnuts lol. Love the sugar ones.
This food is terrible, probably the worst Mexican food I've ever had with horrible service to match.
Soooo good!!! Just Go!   Don't let any apprehensions hold you back
I would not recommend.  Do not rent a car from this service.  Absolutely horrible service.
drinks delicious hooked cute chic deco, cheap
Great service and my shoes looked brand new.
Decent tacos.  Good service.  Refried beans taste like they are from a can.
A good convenience store.
Very chill, with good food and cheap beer! Perfect dive!
Great service & fast delivery.  These guys are top notch for tint,
What's not to love?   Great beer and friendly service! And the beer sampler is well worth it...
I went to carmen and I got the best cut and color and she is so professional
Great place do a gourmet Donut! Unfortunately they have moved and Yelp hasn't updated the address.
Love this little shop. Everything I have ordered always tastes great and coffee is good too.
Out of town looking for Vietnamese food, this place is OK. Not terrible not the best.
Good flavor! And moderate portions giving 4 stars because there are no spots to sit down and eat.
Great Pizza! Always Fresh and delivious
I won't return. They chose to charge me a fee to use my debit card and said nothing about it.
Is a much better version of mcdonalds fruit parfait.  Nice little hole in the wall off the strip
Good food, good service. Have the Pastrami !! Real New Yorkers .. not BS
Tasty burgers. The Jenis ice cream dessert sampler was pathetic in size for $5.00.
Yummy tacos.  Pastor is my favorite.   Generous with limes which always helps tacos
Poor customer service. Wouldn't patch my tire, BUT the Lake Mead location did ! Shame on you
Best pizza in Pittsburgh area, great spaghetti sauce and wings.  Should be higher than 3.5 stars.
Best hidden gem in Vegas!  Amazing sushi and a great deal!  Always a staple when I visit.
A better version of cheesecake factory. I had some pizza and pasta. It was tasty.
Lawry's is the bomb for lunch too!! Just went for the first time and  sandwiches are delicious!
Great Thai food!  The wait for it to come out of the kitchen was just too long - 45 mins.
good service awesome shakes great quality of meat in the burger cajun fries are nice
Cheap eats, pretty standard bar menu with vegan options. Service is excellent.
I was very unhappy with my haircut. They provide a money back guarantee which I think is fair.
Great ambience, busy patronage, and fun beer selection.
Real Deal Old School!!!! Great Food, old time caring service.Very Nice staff.
Best gun store in Surprise! The competition doesn't compare to the prices and customer service.
Fun fun fun ....just a little hot during the summer....watch for the fire hose!
Takashi is amazing and is super generous to customers! Their food is super delicious!
Such a great pizza spot. Anyone from Chicago can compare this pizza and sauce to Aurelio's.
My wife and I had a comfortable stay at the Excalibur Hotel and Resort. We will definitely be back.
Great place to chill and to eat good chocolate.
Very delicious and fresh. Great for lunch break and the customer service is great as well.
Margarita, hot stone, foot scrub, 80s music.. couldn't ask for a better place for a pedicure
They did an amazing job on my nails! The powder dip is fantastic, great service and a nice facility.
Great hidden gem. I will be back for sure!
Great food quick service a little over priced normally get delivery always quick to my house
Love my hair! Easy booking and great stylist! She was great at providing suggestions as well.
The pork hash very very good can't stop eating them can't wait to Tuesday to go get me some HUH HUH
i liked the smoked beets. they were awesome. i had other side dishes and they were all tasty.
Amazing food and amazing staff, would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in Vegas
Great Agency, fun to work with, pays on time and always has work for their models
I always enjoy my visits to see Dr Suarez! He and his staff are excellent!
Place is nice but service is soooooo slow. Been waiting here for 30+ minutes for just breakfast..
Nope, I've lost my trust in these people, and they've lost my business.
Good solid tourist entertainment....be sure to use a coupon and its worth it.
Good place to drop by for happy hour. Great selection of beer, and love their flatbread pizza.
They are horrible they never show up to help  nasty service they have to close  they business
My buddy lives here, Happy hour starts when the door opens, TTRh is a good time.
TJ was very helpful concerning an antenna install as well as a TV mount. Highly recommend!
Both the Gator bites, and the gumbo are amazing; I have never been disappointed by the food.
Checking a/c for a leak. Always professional & friendly. Cameron & Jimmy are great. Thank you!
Flavorless food, overpriced pie and to top it off the service was slow and unfriendly. Skip it.
Overrated. Very expensive for a small amount. Their mark up is unreal mediocre for  mushrooms
We enjoyed this location. The food was excellent and the service was prompt and courteous.
I always appreciate the extrA time the entire staff is willing to spend to get it just right!!!
Food is outstanding.  Sushi very fresh.  Friendly staff.  Very trendy place to grab a bite to eat..
So friendly! Always greeted w a smile! Love the staff and all of the services are great!
Always good service and friendly but it tends to take a little longer than I like to be done
Great food, good beer selection fun way to spend fathers day. Dont tjink anythong bad on the menue
Great Tango lessons.  The instructor (Paul) REALLY knows how to teach tango to us enthusiasts!
Bon restaurant style STEAKHOUSE, bonne viande, d cor sympathique
Volvo of Tempe told me Precison Auto Body is good. It is better than good. Great in every way.
They close by midnight. Maybe they should update their business hours both online and posted.
I had a great waxing experience here. Very quick, professional & surprisingly less painful.
This spot is legit. Great clothing, friendly and knowledgable staff and convenient location.
My husband worships this place. Best shredded beef hard taco. Dripping with grease but so so tasty!
Great hospital very nice, extremely clean much better then Presbyterian
Kalache was good and donuts cheap and good. Always look for the asian donut shop!
Really great stop in place. Good price, service, and most importantly... great ice cream!
service is good but the food is going down hill. If you like hot, get a side of hatch chilis
Service was awesome!! Lobster Bisque wasn't :( I will deff try something new next time!
Best BBQ I've had in Montreal. No sauce needed the meat is super tender and flavorful.
It was great food and good service. Overall, one of the best restaurants in Montreal!
Its always a pleasure coming to Leslie's Nail Spa.Thank you Johnny for my nails. I love it
Chicago pizza rocks!
The mushroom burger was just ok nothing special the nutella shake was great sweet but great..
Fantastic cupcakes. The flavors pop and the icing is real. That's enough to be said right there.
AMAZING! I had my birthday party here. The customer service is great!
Good, caring, professional service from skilled optometrists.
Amazingggggggg food. Best quality and great survive. I am a life time customer from here on out!!!
Quality customer service and quality accommodations. The diner is wonderful too.
The best cannolis, pastries, and fresh bread in the world. Seriously.
Tried to find this place for Halloween supplies. It's closed!
Opens late 6days a week. Authentic Mexican street food. Try everything on there menu!
My poke bowl was super good. The colors were bright and the food was tasty and fresh.
Meh. It was really nothing special. I should know better than to stray from America's Taco Shop.
Really good vinegar based whole hog bbq
Best red velvet cupcake...it is so moist... make sure to order custom cakes month in advance
A top  notch caring group of professionals lead by Owner Diane. Always a great result. Thank you.
Second day there. So far so good. Staff is very friendly.  My pup is exhausted when I pick her up.
Best shop/mechanics in town!  Honest, Fast, Reliable, Trustworthy, and Good priced!
Great high quality food. Baklava was pricey but excellent. Also owner very nice accommodating.
This place is beautiful but the service & flavor of food has a little bit room to improve ...
Good Pad Thai. Bad fresh spring rolls---  too much lettuce and it was boring iceburg.
Great Food  Nice Service Hosts were Great!!!
Rude service. Wanted to leave the moment i got there, had better luck at sophies gown shop
Took great care of my friend and preparing her for her wedding! Everything played out perfectly
Stella was amazing.  came on a Monday night. Music ,  hookah , drinks , and a good night
wont store your tires with out getting an oil change !!   who needs this shake down?
The waiting area is kind of like an oversized phone booth.  just really not exciting at all.
Expensive, but worth it. The staff are on another level. The food is top notch. Highly recommended
Try popcorn chicken,deep fried intestine and their spicy fish fillet,da bomb!!!!!
Good food ! Fast service ! I will come back for sure . Beef and  br colis was tasteful !
The food is really good, I just wish it wasn't so expensive.
Yummy chicken!! I love chicken strips but I tend to end up tossing the fries away
Mark is the man! New to the area, and this is our favorite spot. Great food and service.
love the turkey burger :) after a great workout!
Love it. Hope one comes to north fl. Soon.
Great burger place at Cosmo hotel on the strip! kobe classic was awesome!  Love the sliders too!
Poor service, food was cold. Definitely would drive the extra bit just to go to a different location
Never been there. Not interested...this is a mistake. I wouldn't go to place owned by Oscar Goodman
Great food, staff is very good and attentive! Pizza, music and sports is always great!!!
I ordered for delivery and waited for 1.5 hrs!!!!! Sucks!!!!
Good downtown takeout lunch spot. Love the soup, paninis and yogurt parfait.
Very good breakfast in a nice outdoor seating.  Staff were very pleasant and accommodating
They use cheap meat. Ends up being chewy and not edible. Not worth the money they charge.
I guess it ok to threaten residents and throw two women to the ground. It's on video,
Awesome customer wait staff and great food!  I will be going back on future Vegas trips.
Good food at reasonable prices. Lately I have been there for the corned beef Reuben sandwich.
Very nice people and the kids had a blast
every time we have lunch here its alway on point, its one of the best chicken in Vegas..
One of my favorite bars in Charlotte. So much room to wander around in and glad it's dog friendly
Probably one of the best MSG-free ramen shops I've ever gone to. Shame that it closed.
The food was terrible.  The meat smelled funny, think it was old.
Very nice rooms.  Good service.  A bit far from other hotels and the crowd is a bit older.
Excellent food and service. Sung was really warm, friendly and helpful! I will definitely come back!
Not a huge selection. The service was OK. The prices are rather high for what you get
Their caregivers truly take a genuine interest in your loved ones.
Chicken and Dumplings were fantastic...great feel.  Awesome place for lunch. Fast efficient service.
Great ribs and cornbread. I only come here when coupons are available on groupon. Love the food!!!
Fantastic and friendly customer service; will definitely return to try all the donut varieties!
I still love this place so much! GO!!!!
Unfortunate but, Bankruptcy proceedings underway
Good location..however the wait time is ridiculous. Only one person working the counter.
I've never had a bad meal.  Fast service.  Casual dining.
This is an honest shop that is fair. Unlike the VW dealership, they only do what is needed.  Thanks!
Food was interdasting... Very interdasting.. Me likey Chinese food. Yum yum in my Tum Tum
Delicious coffee! Great place to grab a cup as you wait for a table at Pamela's.
Absolutely love this place. I always get the mango slush with boba & chicken fingers.
Heard great things about this place, finally got to check it out. Desi made great drinks!
Leaving Luci's because there are ZERO vegan options! Get with the program Luci's... so bummed :(
Went here for my honeymoon and the food was great and service what wonderful!! Will be back :)
Great burgers, great fries, great shakes. I ate here three times in on week. Yummy!
Absolutely one of the best Nail Salon's in Henderson!  Very clean and their staff is very friendly!
I go to Texas de Brazil today the food is great delicious im have happy I recommend to eat the
Avoid unless you just want to hang out. Def not a 'good' dinner place
Everything was great, but what stood out was the excellent seared foie gras!
The Vermont Sandwich was good, but next time I think I'll try the Long Trail sandwich.
One of the best hole in the wall resto away from the strip, let's support local small business
fatty meat low quality with inflated prices. this place has went down substantially
Great restaurant! Food is Devine! Everything here is good. Service is great too.
I don't eat donuts very often, but when I do I prefer these.  You can taste the freshness.
womens restroom was awful. Needs a good cleaning for sure. Food and staff were great!
Best sushi in Las Vegas!  Consistently excellent!!  Crabacore, Spicy Pucker, GTR abs so on...
A great authentic and affordable, reasonably priced Mexican restaurant.
Favorite dinner when I visited Las Vegas. So. good. Recommend the wild boar pasta.
Truly the best steak house in the country. Do not pass on the Butter cake it's unreal
I miss this place.  Lots of live plants inside, and food that brought me right back home.
I've been buying my cars and trucks here for years. Always taken care of and always great service.
Good! Service might of been a bit slow, but a movie and drinks...sounds good to me!
Quality has completely deteriorated.  Not impressed with food of customer service. So sad.
So not worth the money. I had tons of food and the best thing on the menu was the lobster bisque
We really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. Onions were great! Gold burger was perfect!
Very good food, homemade and tasty.  Reasonable price. The staff is friendly and professional.
This is my go-to nail salon.  The owner is really friendly and I always leave with a great pedicure.
I like your cheap beer and good jukebox.  Your bathrooms do not smell very good.
Great food and service, the owner/manager was very friendly and made sure we felt welcome
Started out bad. However they did make it up with a free upgrade. Good service.
Great lunch buffet. Lovely desserts. Genuine Italian fare. Very friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Great chicken piccata. Pizza was a bit of a let down, but still pretty good. Great service as well.
Great being your own wine restaurant!!
Iced caramel white choc mocha was good. Place is great when not busy!
Amazing, enjoy the stuffed mushrooms...the Godfather and the Crazy Shrimp are awesome!
a food staple of pittsburgh. i always encourage tourists to stop here.
The best authentic steak tacos in Madison! They rarely disappoint and are consistently good!
My favorite Thai restaurant in town. Love the green and red curry and the nam prik.
Great place to live. They did a great job with the remodel and the staff is helpful and friendly.
Ray  Kroc is rolling in his grave right now     Worst service ever in the history of McDonald's
Donna is amazeballs.  Food is always great! One of my favorite places for breakfast and brunch!
Don't go if you are vegan. I got the bowl and it was not very fresh and it was way too wet.
Good flavor.  Good service.  Not the cheapest place ever, but the quality is on point.
Amazing place. The Ahi Tuna martini is my favorite, but everything I've tried is good!!
Wonderful food, comfortable atmosphere, and make sure you sit by the bar; Ashley is the best!!!
Cake was so moist and very delicious and the cake looked beautiful very happy with the results
Sunday evening wasnt crowded. Its not as noisy as other lounges and the hookah menu is awesome.
Really good sushi and service.  Wait times can be a bit long at times.
Quick, good, tasty, affordible. Lovr the cofre selection.
$$$ but very flashy n trendy stuff here...good for 20-30 yr olds
Been there dozens of times, never a complaint. a lot of food.Simply the best Mexican food in town .
It was ok. Kinda pricey for what you get. Won't go there again. Although, the staff was nice.
Great sandwiches and even better customer service.
Great monthly pay one price membership. Great vacuums
Amazing breakfast! Super fast service,  food was great.  Prices reasonable. Highly recommend.
Great place, good prices. I send my girlfriend here when she starts getting cranky.
The best burgers!!! I could eat the "rising sun" everyday, great shoe string fries too!
Really good food! I had chicken parmesan and it was the best! Service and food were both great.
The bread is amazing! But the chicken is prepackaged and frozen, tastes awful.
Great value but just average food . Still probably the best choice in the LKN area for Thai
Stephanie was the best server, very prompt and personable. I will definitely come back again!
I only ate here once and only had appetizers. It was good but expensive and didn't really get much.
My new neighborhood bar.  Good beer, food (especially the Burgers), great service & live music.
Authentic, Friendly and Fantastic....arguably the city's best Japanese....
Wings are back on the menu baby~!!    10/1/18  Hip Hip horray..
They've got great variety of Asian dish on the menu! No matter what you get you can't go wrong.
Nothing is better than the meats here. They know what to do to bring out the best favor of meats.
The  best!  Stop by soon you will bw glad that you did !
Deleted.  Outdated. 5+ years.  Will go back.  Could be better. We'll see soon.  Maybe tomorrow.
The pineapple in the smoothie was too strong and the brownie looked way better than it tasted.
Great service and yummy food. Airports don't often provide this level of eatery.
Great dive bar with really good food! The pizza and lasagna are my favs.
Great service and the waitresses and food is amazing!! A definitely a must go too well in Las Vegas
Sadly, this magical store is now permanently closed...as in, no longer open for business.
Quick service, friendly staff and great food! The wings are delicious!
The best ice cream I have found in Phoenix so far! You have to have it in the doughnut.
I think that the kiddies would love this! They definetly would get excited about the lights.
Fun spot. Loved the decor.  Service was good.  Views of the strip are awesome.  Highly recommend!
Service is just awful. If you want bar food go to brennens colony.
Had a great massage and facial treatment today, a great way to get ready for the week ahead!
The little meat pie was delicious, though it could have been warmer inside. Soup was delicious.
This place is great! If you need a watch battery replacement don't go anywhere else.  Great prices!
Come once every blue moon but the server we had last night was amazing and food was great
the duck bao and pork bao is pretttttty good yum yum try sum
This was so good the food was 5***** all you can drink wine&beer!! You have to go
Very good food however Mongolia beef really spicy.  They have a drive threw located off of craig.
Love this place!  Pizzeria salad and hot chocolate chip cookie were awesome!
MMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This place is SO good, and everyone is REALLY nice!
2 locations to choose from but this one is new.  Food it excellent. Spicy Beef with Pakoras.  DONE.
best coffee in town, friendly folks, fast service also!
Selection isn't great here. Not a lot of Inventory compared to other TJ Maxx stores I've been to
After finding out that this salon is under new management,  I have decided to try them again.
Best studio in the valley hands down they employ the best teachers in the state
Fantastic food but service was reallly slow. I'll still come back for the food though.
Terrible pizza. Got my order wrong. Delivered wrong drinks. Too expensive for quality of food.
Great deals on used guns!  Found a used Ruger for $80 less than next door (with laser)
Always a great wash.  12.99 is the basic carwash.  Buy the gift book and get 3 washes for $25.
Love their frozen desserts and flower selections. Can't wait for Summerlin location to open soon. :)
I'll come back if I come to Vegas!!! Good restaurant and nice service I love their skewers so much.
Love this place! Great time! Parents enjoyed it ! Celebrated 49th anniversary and they loved it !
Went in on a winter day and amazed by their interior.
Great margaritas!!!! The food was very good. The nachos were amazing. Would recommend highly
Much better option than the Popeyes down the road , open later, better service and better chicken.
Great barbecue I recommend it highly good atmosphere nice employees and  great customer service!
Way better than frozen-fare
Very good carne asada and bean n cheese burritos.  Fast n friendly service.
Pretty good food, horrific service 90% of the time though. Better service at Taco Bell
Oh I forgot David and matt always get it right thanks guys
Love this place me and my wife always go here or order for pick up food is always good
have been here twice, the service and food have been fine.  solid addition to downtown eating.
The place is very good, I enjoy the drinks and the food. Great place to eat, affordable as well!
Friendly staff, and always served according to Starbucks standards.
They are so awesome to our school! Big shout out to Ashley J. for your wonderful help.
great food and place, aubrey is wonderful.
Good sushi good service, like the rockhill roll
Absolutely inedible. Wish zi could get my money back! So expensive and so disappointing.
Great food, but ambiance is like its stuck in a time warp.
Delicious food, cute outdoor patio, excellent service. We always have a great experience at Nicky's!
Sea food very fresh, and the desert is beyond my expectation, sooo good!
Excellent place. Food amazing. Good comfort food. Nice relaxing music and excellent service.
They are really sweet
Scott was great! The car looks amazing and the engine was cleaned. Will definitely use again!
Very friendly staff.  Excellent espresso and the croissants are excellent.  Highly recommended.
One of the best 'veggie' burritos I've ever had. The bourbon lemonade was really good, too.
Cute and cozy place to go for lunch. Nice variety and large portions. Very friendly staff
Best Chinese place in the area! So good and they deliver!! Very speedy delivery as well.
Great customer service.  Charged $10 to adjust my new watch.   Nice selection of pre owned jewelry.
went during the summer and it was the best place ever. Loved the liqueur ice-cream
The front desk lady is always so kind. And I always receive a nice clean car in the end.
Brad's Deer Valley Collision is the place to go. Great work and great customer service.
I love it here, it's small and quaint. STAR is the best cocktail server on the floor..
Pad Thai and Green Curry Chicken are a can't miss.  You won't be disappointed.
Haven't had an AYCE sushi experience this great in Vegas. Rice to fish proportions are perfect.
If you want headaches upon headaches dealing with a below average company, then shop at Zara
Contacted by golf professional at course took care of issue swiftly and professionally.
Staff is very friendly and you get your money's worth compared to the competition!
Really good sushi especially for an AYCE restaurant. Looks of the outside are deceiving.
one of the worst bars i've ever been to  shit food, horrible service, badly priced drinks
Good pizza and nice people. We drove out if our way to try this place. We will return.
Agreed with Devon P's review with a similar experience. Not Recommended.
The workers were really awesome! Very nice and all had smiles!!!! The coffee is greatttt!!!
I got taro tea smoothie! It was sooo good! The prices were great too;)
Food quality getting bad. Deep fry chicken over cook. Dry and dark!!! Who can have that?
Nice looking on the outside, dirty and slow service on the inside. I will not return soon.
Great service. Great food. Don't forget to look up coupons on farmerboys.com before you get here.
Food was good but service slow! It took a good 30 minutes for us to get our food which was all pho.
Carpaccio is great. Sea bass is a game changer.  Make reservations!
Pretty tasty, if a little pricey. Try the sexy potatoes!
Fastest fingerprinting ever. No waiting, fast and courteous! Will always use this company.
Very Happy with Aptive Services They Technicians are polite and professional
This place is great, super clean and great service. I love the Tinga Torta  i recommend to try .
First time here and it did not disappoint. I really enjoyed the Bulgogi and Beef Brisket.
Great soul food ! What restaurant sells kool aid ? Lol  The atmosphere is very calm  I love it !
Their pad prik king is tasty, and their prices are very reasonable.
Very cool place to gamble with a variety of machines and tables. A lot of places to eat a drink.
Very nice I like that there's separate sitting room and three sinks. Mini fridge and microwave too.
Great hamburgers and milk shakes!  Very nice people.  Family friendly.  Great prices!
Their breakfast was pretty good and their fresh squeezed orange juice is pretty refreshing :)..
Had a craving for Mexican food and drink, Filled the bill and more
Treated home for termites, checked it afterwards and provided a great warranty. I highly recommend.
Good donuts, high high high prices, bad politics.   Won't get my $ again!
Huge. Overpriced everything. $9 subs. Very sparse food selection.
I only go here to ship.  And I bring my airline friend along for the discount. the end.
I think it's no longer the same owner as before...
Eric is great he will do repairs on the day of and charge a reasonable price. bring your own parts!!
Pretty sweet that u serve your $7 beer in thimbles
The Singapore rice noodles are fantastic.  Please go to Roppongi !
Great burger  top notch
Got the half lb. ranch burger. It was good. Don't. See what the big hype is over
Awesome dinner and service.  Had the filet - it was perfect and a delicious Caesar salad.
Simply extraordinary; Rayna did a wonderful job, will be back for haircut with her!
Trying out a new barber in my 'hood...these guys did a great job!
Great Drinks And Food and done very well for Downtown Las Vegas!!!
Sincerely the BEST fried green tomato I have EVER had. This is a must try of a menu of winners.
The guy with long hair working here is yummy. Good coffee too.  That's all :-)
Great tacos for your money. With two I am full. The salsa salad is good. Chips are free to dar.
Mixed berry crepe w/Nutella and the quiche Lorraine- both so delicious! Great service as well
Great selection, great customer service, and amazing deals. Glad to live right around the corner.
And not to mention I waited downstairs 30 mins waiting for them and they never showed up !!!
Boom! Clean and relaxing restaurant. Food is great. I would def recommend this place.
Madison is beautiful and no doubt a great place to live.  Leans a bit to the left, politically.
I like their pizza and subs, the large meatball sub is good and really two meals in one !
I love Richardson's. Incredible food, great service. One of the best places to eat in Phoenix
Fun place to go have fun or go to a concert good for the entire family. Alot of good food.
Service here is horrible every time. Food isn't bad. Gave too many second chances and all failed.
Awesome service, extremely happy with my experience here and they know what they're talking about!
Good service the food was decent for the price. also a nice atmosphere .
Great haircuts, awesome hot shave, fun atmosphere and fair prices.  Just a great find.
Omg roselle rose TEA IS BOMB !!!! We don't get that in New Orleans the taste was amazing
Expert staff, great atmosphere! I'm glad a decent supplement shop moved into my neighborhood!
Love the service from Ricky & John! Great place to replace my batteries and change my watch bands.
What a terrible place no refund bunch of no good people that take money and don't return calls
OK atmosphere, ok food, run-of-the-mill bar selection.  Def try the meatballs though.
---we enjoyed this place...real nice food and decour   the staff was spot on..kinda $$
Good food and quick service. Pizza is a little over greasy but still taste excellent!
Great job.  They did exactly what I wanted and were very professional.   Look no further.
Great food. Great atmosphere. Felt like i was at grandma's house. Very friendly environment.
This place is awesome.  Great service, good price.  Really fun atmosphere.  Definitely going back.
Johny helped me so much even tho I didnt end up need to bail out my friend highly recommend 
Just 10 minutes from the Flamingo. Great food. I'm taking the family there next time I'm in Vegas.
Excellent product, excellent customer service.  Huge fan of the rewards program.
Yummy Oxtail pho and lobster fried rice! Hidden spot
Just like in the show but much smaller!!  There was a line of people just to walk inside!!
Not the best Viatnamese I've had, but still yummy. Friendly staff and quick service.
Good service.  Always busy in te mornings.  I get my free refills if i show my Starbucks card.
Sucre was a nice place, if a little pricy, but unfortunately it's closed now.
Great hot dog joint! Gotta try the brats or Italian sausage as well - love the fries!!!
I just found this salon.  Jenny did an excellent pedi & mani for me, I will be back :)
Great lunch spot, really yummy sandwich and very shareable.
I love this place. Good food at a great price. Hard to go wrong here any time of day.
Even with the remodelling, it's too cramped. Claustrophobic. Service is better than most, quicker...
Simple: quick service, polite staff, good food at a decent price.  I'm a regular here
Went in for business lunch with client. Owner very nice, food is fresh and fast. Very happy!
Very good Mexican food, I had the steak fajitas, tasty and the service was good and fast, thank you
Not much to say. Above average restaurant. Large portions, great service. !!
Still no response to lost phone by Uber Driver or Uber Phoenix I need help locating phone and driver
Taste like overpriced grocery store bought cupcake with fancy icing
prices are cheaper than tea planet/ station  It was a clean environment.
Great tasting authentic Thai food , staff is friendly and courteous and the price is right,
Aggressively bland "mexican" food. I didn't know you could make food this flavourless. Epic fail.
Have used them for 10 years! Fair pricing, yes 5 stars for great service and communication.
Tamales really taste authentic. Good price and food.  Pleasant people and fast service.
Awesome experience. Great experience. Thank you Tori and Amy. Already enjoying the new Hoka's.
Soup was oookk, but pizza was greasy and not good, waste of money..
Awesome! They deliver where we live. Great food. Amazing quality. Exceptional service
Great food and Great service! Love the foie gras I had!
Pretty good AYCE! The price is very reasonable and the atmosphere feels fancy
I take all of my shoe repair and clothing mending to these guys. They never disappoint!
Compared to East coast airports  McCarran airport is one of the finest airports there is.
Great food in a casual setting.  Bright cheery imterior.  The baklava makes for a great finish.
By far my favorite poke place - everything is always extremely fresh and yummy, can't beat it!
They overbook all the time.  I spend an average of 1.5 hrs waiting before I see my actual doctor.
Super convenient location!  Great selection of adult beverages!
This is my favorite Roberto's location! They have the best tasting food and the most friendly staff!
Great doctors; staff very helpful..my son loves this place. Great location; convenient scheduling..
Food is amazing and authentic. These words define a great middle-eastern/arabic restaurant.
Best Chicago Style Pizza in AZ end of discussion. If you haven't tried it go there now.
Worse pedi I have ever had.  Wish I could rate it zero. Just awful.  Avoid at all cost.
Great atmosphere and delicious food. Happy to celebrate the re-opening of Arnold's Tea.
If you enjoy pizza which is akin to pan baked garbage this is the place for you!
Great food and service!  A little overpriced.  Staff is friendly.  Food is fresh and delicious.
For a precision haircut with a personable stylist - see SHEA! She is a master of her craft for sure!
Audre took great care of our table, helped us with recommendations, and was very friendly!!
Absolutely delicious carrot cake
Friendly service. Food comes out fast, hot and tasty always. My favorite breakfast place!
Loved the Vegan menu! Glad to have so many options! The free margarita was really good also!
there service was fabulous and burgers were  on point!  I highly recommend this joint!
Always a good experience whenever I've needed them. Yusuf made sure I was on my way in a timely.
This is our 4th time coming it has been amazing every time! Soups are so good!
Good food but not a repeat in my standard lacking something for a 5 star experience
just great food - been eating there for over 40 yrs - its all good !
Very clean, friendly people, and yummy food.
Best Mexican food in the Phoenix Area. Can't go wrong with Chicken Fajita Mexican Pizza.
We had the empanadas and arepas with beef. Both were really good! The staff is also very friendly!
So yummy! Friendly staff and great food. We ordered off the menu so I cannot comment on the buffet.
No automatic email tracking, slow to respond and do not follow instructions.
Very nice place...Excellent service....Nice nails....Reasonable price.. I WILL BE BACK
Even tho there can be a long wait, they always pull thru with a good mani At a good price.
This is a fabulous place. So unique and the pastries are amazing. A perfect indulgence!
Great place for kiddos! The owner is super nice. Just wish this place was closer to my side of town!
Nice people, very professional and friendly. We take our cats there for grooming regularly.
Excellent drinks and great small plates. Make sure you try the Scotch eggs, best I've ever had
I love this establishment,the workers are caring and kind.they so their best each time!!!!
you sorta have to go here if you're in pittburgh.  i got the pastrami with cheese.  it's quite good.
Really good place, all  food is really good. The soup can make you feel better after a wild night.
Should be called Slums R Us.  Don't waste your time with these crooks.
Dr. Wellman is a great dentist!  His staff is friendly and really puts you at ease.
Come very very hungry! The food is great here, if it's your first time try everything.
The maintenance guy Joseph is incredible, any issues any problems he takes care of them right away.
SOOOOOO yummy! All I really have to say is GO TASTE these yummy donuts!
I like this place a lot! They have lots of books and DVD/CD. Their staff is friendly.
I wasn't expecting much and that's basically what I got. Bar food and slow service.
Good margaritas and delicious nachos! Washed it all down with a scorpion shot.  smooth house tequila
Decent indian food in las Vegas. Dosa was decent. Their mango lassi is extremely good.
This place is awesome! Dr. Burke is great with kids and the office staff couldn't be more helpful.
Great food! Great Service!  The absolute best restaurant experience I've had in Cleveland, Ohio.
Fantastic food. Best I have had in a long time. Had chicken shrama. Little garlicky, but yummy.
Very slow service. Food is just ok. The gulab jamuns are served cold and not very tasty.
Don't judge the place by the area. It is a great place to eat.
Good food, great people, only place to get banh mi in the area. Best of luck. We will be here often.
Waitress was kinda unmotivated and didnt seem to care and found a skin flake in my water
Vegan queso dip? Yes! Vegan nachos? Yes! They have a solid vegan menu that does not disappoint!
Tara is the best!! She does an amazing job, go see her, she will take great care of your eyebrows!!!
Nothing special just average restaurant overpriced ... many restaurants half the price in laval..
Costumer server Is great the maintenance department always has a gym looking on point
George's chocolate banana shake... Stop OMG
The best cr me br l e truck in the city! No, the state!! Maybe even the world and/or universe!!!
They are great here. They helped me color match and gave great tips on how to put the clip ins on.
Love the fried PB&J!  Delicious food and great people!
I like this place a lot, it's very cozy and cute; watch the hot-sauce, be warned!!! Yummy!
Loved Culinary dropout...the food is Amazing. Try the ribs; they are de-lish!
My nails always look amazing when I go to Jessica's!  Very pretty and clean salon, too!
worth a visit for housemade cream cheese alone. best and cheapest lox n bagel sandwich I've had.
I ordered oatmeal and fruit. The fruit was canned, the oatmeal was watery with no taste. Yuck..
excellent! great food!  Waiters may not be fluent in English. :)
Love this place! Simple and solid pies! Get the best yogurt next door after at Zoyo! :)
I love this place it is my favorite Chinese food establishment to eat at Whiny is awesome.
Kim did a good job with my eyelash extensions. It was on for a month :)
The best restaurant my fianc  and I visited in Vegas!!! The food, drinks and staff were awesome!
DJ's is the best!! Steve was a big help with all of my smoking needs!!
Nice room.  Fresh dim-sum, but lacking flavoring.  Not impressed!!!
Great service and very knowledgable. Wonderful selection too. We will frequent this place.
Good service.  Intimate warm setting. Good food.  Caprese was great.  Impressed.
Just saw goosebumps 2, and when I exited the theater I got a free Goosebumps tote bag! Woot woot!
What a pleasant surprise! The Carnitas Napoleon was AH-mazing. We can't wait to go back.
Why does pep boys always remind me of old school car shops compared to other parts places?
Terrible breakfast buffet. Cold eggs. No waffles. No muesli. Slow, disinterested service.
The people are rude and the service is slow. Other places like this are way better.
So nice here! Excellent customer service! Definitely the only the nail spa I like in Vegas!
Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff. Did not try the pizza, but the chicken parmesan was excellent.
Great atmosphere and delicious food! As a local, this place is worth traveling to Strip!
Prompt response and very professional. Was referred by homeowners insurance. Would use again
Great food. Great drinks. Great service. Gorgeous venue. Would definitely recommend it.
The best.   Best coffee in Scottsdale hands down. Very similar to Portola in OC.  Friendly staff.
Great atmosphere, great view and great band but service stinks! Order 3 beers at a time.
Overall great experience! From the decor to the service to the latte everything was top !
good instructors !! I love body combat !!
Very tasty food that was delivered. What more could you ask for? More pita chips for my hummus.
Best vegan pizza and vegan ranch sauce for dipping in the area! Love this place.
Always enjoy the shrimp salad and unfettered access to the salsa bar!
coffee was as to be expected from any Starbucks.    We will stop here again if we're nearby.
Best cheese steak anywhere in Charlotte. Love the fresh fries as well!
This is a great place to cater office lunch from. The food is delicious, fresh and healthy!
Fun clean place to allow my children to have fun jumping and making basketball shots.
Seriously how did I not know about this staple location. Great food! Highly recommended!
Loved the food, almost felt like I was in India again. The naan and the paneer was just too good!
Quality food at a fair price, Ken and his crew know what to do they will save you money too.
Phenomenal.  Best ramen I've had since Hawaii. Totally worth a try.  Great jazz music too...
Area isn't the best but food was good. Did not care for the sweet green. Fantastic
Came here for lunch and had an excellent sandwich. The service was courteous and quick.
Great sushi and great service - Chelsea was the best! She was very helpful and friendly.
Quite possibly the best fries and strawberry shake I've ever had. So. Freaking. Good!
I love Dr. D and his staff The best!!!!
Awesome ambiance, great nachos and pizza!!!! And a surprise capitol view. Will definitely go back!
Went for drinks.  The place is all about the view.  Spectacular.
The crazy Alfredo is really bomb!! If u really like garlic the garlic bread is pretty tasty too.
Great service, great price. Thanks for helping a guy out with a rush hem job.
Large won ton saimen $8. Huge portions and good price.  Had other dishes. All good.
The smoothies are good, but they're always out of something ( protein, cups, lids) etc..
Lots of beggars...doesn't leave the customers feeling very safe!
Some of the best Mexican food in Madison. Eat here ASAP.
Nice Place, quality clientel, draught specials and healthy woman.
Great care by Dr Roth, very gentle , adapts care to your needs. Office staff kind and reaponsive
Top-notch food and service at a good price. One of the best meals I had. Thank you!
Nicely flavoured falafel and an excellent chicken shwarma!
This place is awesome! The owner is very knowledgeable. Valerie makes getting a Brazilian a breeze!!
Please dont waste your money. And dont go to the comedy club portion.  TERRIBLE experience
Can't believe this bar has the same owner as bier market  Really felt like my business was a burden
I'm happy and proud that I live in Las Vegas just 15 minutes away from this excellent airport :)
Had the usual CHICKEN AND WAFFLES !!! Server was great & very attentive. Thank you so much !!!
Super easy process.  Great truck, good value.  Friendly service.  Absolutely no complaints.
Serah and Jin were awesome! Food was awesome. It's so great to have a Korean BBQ place in Henderson.
outstanding we have been 3 times and the food is fabulous. congrats ernesto!!!!!!!!!!!!
New Look, Michael and his entire staff are the best! No one better in Arizona.
Love love this hair will recommend
Mediocre dim sum. Food is prepared fine just lacking flavor.   There are better places to eat.
this is in no way tex mex or Mexican - another Carolina attempt at ho hum Mexican food......
This is the best casino in Las Vegas.  Luv luv luv it!!!
I bought two bikes in this store and I'm fully satisfied. Awesome customer service!
I really liked the atmosphere and the service. The tasting menu was fine...
Had a fantastic meal tonight.  Antipasto plate was delish. I had the pollo a la florentine. Yummy.
Good enviroment, Reasonable price, Really good food, great service!
Owner doesn't like kids very much. I don't post many reviews the level of rudeness was incredible.
Good food good service never busy. I always come here for the salad and the guac is a must.
Great food! Busy place though, so allow for time. Well worth it! Their fresh juice is amazing.
Excellent service and the girls were great at what they do!! Best massage ever!! Reasonable prices.
Fresh, high quality, authentic, clean, great service... in short, amazing! Just like in M xico!
Friendly staff but horrible cuts and colour. Very expensive too, might as well go to HedKandi!
This place is great. Great food. Fast and kind service. Great people it's a must eat at please.
I have been a patient for about 2-3 years and love the friendly staff and great service!
Had my hair done by Heather McDonald, feelin clean and fresh. Thank you for the great cut!
love this place. Fix my tumi fast and perfect.
After delivery fees and taxes I paid $34 for this. And it smells like red tide. Very disappointing
Liz is the best ! They always do a great job ! The quality is superb and the prices very reasonable
Great little spot, really great coffee, and really great food! Nice little cozy cafe.
This place is awesome, employees are very helpful . they have many selection of frames.
Food is to be expected for a $10 all you can eat. Service is good and restaurant is clean.
Great atmosphere, very good service, hot food, by far the best red chili meat in town.
It takes forever for food to come. Food is not that good.  Wouldn't recommend and won't come back.
Good vegan options.  I was able to swap avocado for aloi and the polenta sandwich was excellent.
I mean, it's in a mall.  How much can you expect, really?  The drinks are great.  Food 'aint.
Let me just say Baubau ganosh  very smokey and flavourful  10 shawarma was tasty   thanks
Friday nights from 8-10 with 93.1 The Party are awesome! Come roll the dice!
I will avoid this place at all costs, but sometime it's the only thing open late at night.
Awesome hotel and really nice pools... Recommended!!
Pretty authentic coastal Mexican food and good price. Parking situation is scetchy to say the least.
No closed sign or message on the phone. Must have gone under. I can see why never compared to wob.
Best burger place in Henderson My favorite lunch spot during the week also. Great service & prices.
Damm good gumbo! Really. Good portion. Decent price. Will be back. Nice little joint.
They have a lot of staff there but extremely slow. People don't know what are they doing
Great place! Been a couple of times. No one is let down.  Do eat here!
Very friendly and comfortable. Food is good , bread fresh!  Definitely will bring Mom again.
1st time trying this restaurant and the food was pretty good, nice staff, and good service
Really nice people working here always with a smile and very friendly love coming back here
Took my son here and the flavors were amazing. Pork and Duck Bao and Short Rib rice were on point.
The ribeye was great, I order the fried chicken dinner and it was fantastic! We also shared nacho's.
Cold Stone is the shiznit.  I love being able to add my own toppings and mix flavors!
Loved the food. Quick delivery. Authentic chinese. Must try soupy dumplins. Price is ok.
Good steak salad, but I can get over the smoke.  To bad there's not a non-smoking section.
Fantastic, small location but excellent crepe dishes and coffee (I usually get drip).
As of May 30, 2018, Lifetime Moving and Storage has fully resolved the complaint to my satisfaction.
Amazing service! Amazing prices! Turnaround time is quick! Quality is perfect. Highly recommended!
Omg must I say I have never had such an amazing experience at a tanning spot. A forever customer !!
They got that hyphee mud on point, ask for that hyphee mud and they'll give you the hook up
Great service and facility.  We used to take our kids here frequently when they were younger.
Great service! Mrs. WANDA was great, knowledgeable, friendly, patient.  Price unbeatable.
Amazing selection of wide variety of authentic vegetarian Indian cuisine. The service is excellent!
can't go wrong - great food, extensive menu, huge beer selection, flat screens everywhere...
Service was just as great as the food  I got the #1 with garlic Parmesan with some fries
I love this place... Best pizza around IMHO. But is it out of business? We call and no one picks up.
Great food, great atmosphere, friendly service, a great place to hangout at happy hour too.
Very nice establishment! Spacious and no waiting...will be returning! All the ladies are lovely!
Good ice cream and the frozen chocolate covered bananas are a real treat.
Sucks.  Small portions.  Rude workers who don't speak English.
Great authentic food for very reasonable price  That's the place  I gave them a try and no regrets
We ordered the chile relleno and veggie omelet.   Very good!  Server Charmagne was very nice too.
Cute little dive bar with good karaoke on Wednesdays.
It is now closed. Its a sushi joint.
Friendly staff, fair prices and fresh donuts made on promises. Family owned too. Great spot.
Come in at 2.30 so it was deserted. Thou our waiter was nice. Food is still pretty fresh. Good eat.
Cheesecake ice cream with blackberry jam swirl at 9:50pm on a Wednesday. Fuck yes!
Great book store. The one in phx has a bar so...so beer and books....not bad. Love coming here!
Maggie is horrible to deal with she needs to go back to customer service 101!!
Best hang out on Weds or Fri for BBQ and live rodeo show! The kids sheep riding is hilarious
Great place for a good lunch! I really liked there street style tacos. Can't beat Taco Tuesdays.
this company is honestly the best out there, they are so much help, with any questions ive had.
Great food and service.  On the expensive side, but worth it for a nice evening on the town.
Thank you Pete!  super quick check out and informed me of savings that I didn't realize.
Favourite diner. I've tried most items on the menu and they are all great. Even the specials.
So much fun and amazing tour guides. We loved it! Excellent condition and quality of segways.
Great food! Portions are reasonable.  Our waiter" Santiago" was attentive throughout our meal.
Great food, very flavorful. Just the right amount of spices. A must-eat place; highly recommend it.
service is not great.  Dim sums are 2x price (e.g., 2 springrolls = $7).
Nice guys and hard workers, thanks Andre and Allen.
This place was great!  Service was awesome and their healthy options on the menu were very helpful
Very friendly staff.  Jeff and I loved coming  here.  Always order  our fresh  uni and fresh wasabi.
Bad service, subpar food. Our waiter was very oblivious to our needs and the food all tasted burnt.
Beautiful museum. Maybe it wasn't the best that I've seen but at least it was interesting
This place is now called Gelato Spot and doesn't open until 3 PM.
Haymaker is unique restaurant with  delicious food , great service, and beautiful environment.
Great fresh food, amazing service. Would definitely return. Very good prickly pear margarita
Do not try the felafel it's not cooked , entire felafel is uncooked all dough!!
The food is always great.  But Nashay made this time amazing, very nice and personable!
So happy that Rita's is now so close to my house.  The kids and I love coming here.
It's a little out of my way but well worth it. Ronnie is the man! Excellent fast and friendly
Great tacos.  Octopus was a little salty but other than that the food here is amazing. Great service
Quiet fine dinning steakhouse in the Excalibur Hotel. Excalibur has $50.00 off coupon per room.
Love going to Deanna! She is amazing and is accommodating to my schedule. Will not go anywhere else!
Yogurt stop in Mandaly...49 cents per ounce...self service.  Great concept..reasonable rate.
Just off the strip. Great to get away from the stuck up crowd but close enough to join the party.
D is for donut as well as Delicious!!!!! Friendly donut house is the bomb that's all I gotta say!
Place is a blast Brian was excellent help will be going through all of the rooms here!!!!
The place is the best in Gilbert. I love the way you feel when your there.  Owner is Great!
As good as it gets with seafood in Sedona. Outstanding value, views  and service!
AWESOME ribs juicy tender and you can still taste the pork. Perfectly seasoned I thought.
Service. So. Slow. I want my Starbucks quick service.
Love love love it here! Amazing atmosphere, and great ownership!! I come here at least twice a week.
Good fish tacos & lobster burritos!  They also take Apple Pay now which is so easy and secure!
Absolutely love SPAGO.....AND THEY ARE THE ONLY RESTAURANT OPEN SUPER DUPER LATE!!!
close to everything and reasonable rates.  Clean.  the bathroom didn't wow me.   Nice lobby.
Barros delivered on time during the super bowl, and the vegetarian was loaded with fresh vegetables.
University Eye Associates (Dr. Eyler & Staff) continue to deliver the best eye care in the business.
RIDDLE:    How do you dumb down a radio station?   ANSWER: Hire Chris Merrill!  Enough said!
Wow My Parents got me BBQ from here Amazing God Bless we I'll Make it Tummy Yummy food
Needed my apartment cleaned same day- Fast service! Good Work. Reasonable price. Highly recommend!
Tommys is the best place to get a chili cheese burger or fries .....5 stars
Yes, they are amazing. Go. Don't read anymore. Just do it.
2nd time here and will absolutely come back again and again. You must try this place!
This store is store is sooooo messy. Things are mispriced and shelves are disasters.
Friendly owners and really good pizza. Try the stromboli for $8. We went to the slice-of-pizza side.
Their hairs cuts are great and they even do a new york style clean shave for $10.00
Renton and Soo are great!  We never had an issue with our tenants. Great Property Management.
Tailgaters has always treated me well! The food and service are excellent...Get the wings grilled!
Huge burritos but I think the veg ones kinda lack taste. The beef is good though.
Travis was great....another five star rating and well deserved!!
O's hooked up my son!! Badass barber !!! Took care of my kid .. Check them out!!! Thanks bro
Oscar Arnold is a great guy. I would recommend him to anybody looking for a great insurance agent.
Amazing authentic food! Best margaritas! Staff is friendly and quick. My new go to for Mexican food.
This place is amazing. I try to eat her at least once a week. The food couldn't be any better.
Awesome steak tacos!Love having lunch here I always crave their tacos they are really good!
Loveeeee this place ! Chef is always on point . Servers are fast ! Food is bombbbbbbbb
Steaks you can cut with a butter knife. Fantastic pasta  Amazing ambience  Lovely decor
Probably the most chic of a cafe that isn't trying to be... Oh and the lattes are fantabulous.
Good food, good service, very consistent, I will highly recommend
Solid Chinese food at a fair price.  Right down the street and they deliver, too.
Great place to get Dumplings and emrace you're inner samurai for eastern food
Amazing. Affordable. Cash only. Family owned. Feel like they are ways open. Apple fritters!!!!
Try the raising sun burger - its good stuff
been here for a few times. like the crowd, and the separated design.
Ashley is the best!  Came in for a quick bite for lunch and the food and service was great!!
Fantastic dumplings.   Lots of food for the price.   We'll definitely be back!
Excellent service, great drinks and good food.  Would highly recommend Carlos as your waiter.
I absolutely love going to Ms.tia she is amazing with hair... I would recommend her to everybody
Great atmosphere.  Very well done, traditional style, anticuchos were legit.
It's a shame that this place closed because this was our new go-to place for sushi.
Half priced bottle of wine Wednesday's! Yes! Good overall food, love the Reuben & parm fries
Great salespeople awesome service department and totally amazing vehicles! Love love love!
Our server Chelsea was awesome, she attended to us very nicely & she has great customer service!
Beer's cheap and the glasses are dirty! Yelp me... Hopefully I don't get food poisoning...
Best Tai joint in SW Vegas!!! Live the crispy pork. And the soups are to die for
Trapp Haus bbq is simply amazing. I must admit this is truly an culinary experience like no othe
Nothing to write home about did not meet all the hype.
Very good food but a little pricey so I dropped them back a star. The service was excellent.
I always find great books at this store. Staff is nice.
Bad ass view and great happy hour. Every Saturday!
Nice family restaurant.    The Denver omelette was delicious.
Very clean, excellent equipment and activities, friendly staff. Impressive.
I'm not a huge Fan of Pho but this place has great Pad Tai!
Great agent! Listens to your request and works for you! Very supportive and knowledgeable !
Hole in a wall.  Located in a rough part of town.
Excellent food, decent prices and a mariachi band... Need I say more?
So I've been told over and over that I have got to try this place. I came I ate and I enjoyed.
I got the run (BG's) after going to this restaurant not sure why but won't be going back.
Good modern atmosphere and delicious cupcakes.
Got number 10 and 2. Love it here at BAMBU Las Vegas. Clean and nice place! Highly recommend
Coffee is average. The servers seemed like they didn't want to be there and its WAY overpriced
Amaaaaazing food! Get the cheese plate, the flat breads, and a fancy drink. Love it!
Chill spot. Very clean. Delicious tea, and boba. The staff here are welcoming, and friendly.
This place is Awesome Great food Good customer service i like the pizza and the Boygers. Kudos
Probably amongst the worst customer service I've had. The cashier was exceptionally rude
Great service, great food.  Best dinner out of three I had in Las Vegas.
I love this store. Great crystals, statues, jewelry, and much more!
Absolutely love her and her staff is usually very accommodating with my hectic schedule
This is a great bar. The staff and the drink prices are gr8. Come once after that your family
Love the location and atmosphere...but the food was mediocre, and the waiter was beyond clueless.
Under new management. Definetly improving. Customer service is on point. Yuummmmy smoothies.
I don't always go out, but when I do, I prefer Discotech. Stay thirsty my friends.
Check the happy hour!  Calamari have a good sauce! Great taste for veg's chow mein! I will go back!
This is the friendliest bar in Berea. Check out the monthly specials. The salads are always fresh!!
The beef brisket was amazing, as well as the beans and mac and cheese! Great food for the price!!
The Jalape o Biscuits w/Sausage Gravy is a new favorite!
Exellent surgeon! Sent over many of my patients and they all came back with great results!
This place never disappoints! If you like Lebanese food you'll love before you leave!
I had the vegetarian chick'n nachos. I could eat this every single day it was that good.
Good tasting pizza! Prices are decent, delivery was fast. Would definitely order from here again
Worst Chinese ever. Wontons in the wonton soup were mushy.
Only thing this place needs is a wrecking ball. STAT!
Poor service and waited over an hour for lunch item. Didn't end up eating bc chef burnt it too.
Thank you Robert Valderas, your help was well appreciated.    Martina.
First visit and will be back. Anna and John was very professional and on top of their game!
Its big, its wrapped in bacon, its deep fried and the Old School games are FREE. Beer on Tap
Amazing!! Favorite place to eat after a hangover! The bartenders are absolutely amazing!
Good food, fast and pretty decent price.
loved the ambiance  food is ok need to try more items to be sure enjoyed it!!
Not bad PHO  LOTS of meat seasoned good . It's about the same price as the other places.
About as unique as you'll get without visiting Chi or NYC.  Cool in a raw way.
Very extensive menu! Hard to decide what to order. Future visits definitely happening!
Super cool magic tricks, witty magician, fun audience interactions, and fire! Who doesn't love fire?
Excellent beer choices and service.  Slightly on the expensive side but well worth it
Always love this place. Great coffee, free wifi, and its the perfect time for its backyard patio!
Everyone should sit at the bar because Ashley is such a cute, upbeat server!! 10/10 would recommend
Quality has gone down the hill. Tried a few times but been disappointing last few months.
Great food, small portions.
Love shopping here. Best to chat it up with the staff. They can find some great music for you.
The Gyro is not fresh cut it is pre packaged huge disappointment!
Was difficult to find parking. But the actual salon was professional not dramatic like most salons
Locally owned and operated.   Sandwiches are good and each one comes with a chocolate chip cookie!
Delicious and fresh. I had the veggie pakoras, sag and rice.
Fantastic service! The valet picked up my Jaguar for and dropped it right back off at my office!
Service was great staff was super friendly most of all great food, hookah and drinks.
Quick delivery. Food hot. Delivery person friendly.  Very satisfied.  Love this store!!!
Authentic and fantastic!  Don't be fooled by the outside- the fido is out of this world!
OH YES !!!  Thats you have to say -   ICE CREAM you scream WE ALL LOVE THIS ICE CREAM
Very nice place. They did an excellent job on my brows. Worth every penny.
ALL HAIL GIANT HAMBURGER  Friendliest staff in town and best burger in the State.
I am a Walgreens junkie. I love this place. I will find any excuse to go inside.
Really decent dive bar. Nice patio upstairs.
Great ambiance and food. Fusion of Indian and American/British. Cocktails are hand made and fresh
Cant wait to come back the 17th best Valentines dinner 2 yrs ago. Thanks to manager Dan Garcia
Great food and great service!! I love that they have so many sauces!   The chicken was fantastic!!!
One of the best brunch spots in town. Get the buffet option add on. Great service and cool decor.
It was worth the 2 hour wait. We had desserts and drinks. Ambiance was great and good service.
Can't beat Emerald Aisle service. I've been a long time user and have been rarely disappointed.
Good food, good service, with a nice atmosphere. This place is a diamond in the rough.
Past few days you guys have NOT been opening regular times due to an emergency ?????? Wow.....
Great Chinese food, only place I go to in Pickering.
Bomb Gigantor-Sized Pizza! Best pizza on the strip at the right price.
Awesome food. Friendly Staff. Chicken Shawarma was so good.
Service was great, the owner explained the options on the meal.  Food came out of the kitchen quick.
Been there once, really liked my quinoa & kale salad - fresh, tasty, large portion.
I've had worse service but can't remember when. Food was fair at best. Won't be going back.
Great hospital. I went here when I had my concussion. I think.
Never a bad time if you have not tried it you must try it asked for Bishnu she's the best
Good food but $24 for a glass of ordinary wine that costs $19 from LCBO is ridiculous!
We came at 10:53 and we were told they stopped seating.  They close at 12:00!!!! This place sucks.
Wowza. Perfect pizza. Great flavor. Huge slices. Inexpensive (for Vegas standards at least)
Cute lil restaurant with delish gelato and pastries.  The patio is usually full on warmer days
Fabulous fried chicken and the salmon was sooooo good good with the spinach cauliflower
Pricey but good. The sonoran hot dog was delicious. Taco salad also a good choice.
Great after hours place.  Beer and food is cheap.  Service is professional.
Their vegetable rolls are very delicious. Use to work right next to a curry in the box
That's what I'm talking about!!! It's about time old Henderson had a good Mexican restaurant.
All I can say is service is great, like your aunt's house. And the price is right. I will return.
Christine was super helpful, if you have to do laundry, it might as well be pleasant. Go this place!
That place is amazing for concerts and the staff is really friendly! Go check out the Pressroom!!
Really really good! Get the pulpo taco! Very cool hidden gem off the strip if you need a quick bite.
Best breakfast sandwich I've ever had. Smoked sausage egg and cheese made "all the way".
Great food , cheap , and funny as shit stickers all over the place. What's more to love?
Best prices on cigarettes, don't really do anything else but come here and buy my tobacco.
Awesome  family place to eat  pizza  and wings and just hang out with friends  or family! !!!!
The team at Driggs Title finds a way to get deals done and are on top of everything from the get-go.
Great service and friendly environment. Staff is awesome and will be here every week.
Alexis does a great job.  She is very professional and always makes sure the pressure is right.
New management,  great service, this place has turned around and I'm truly grateful.  Thank you.
Scones are stale and egg omelettes were microwaved and taste awful!!! However Coffee was ok.
Very nice view and atmosphere. Good music. Great cocktails. Look for Julie. She's very sweet.
very good addition to dining in the south hills - my new "go to" place for Asian food
Rude bartenders and weak drinks.  Only go for the milkshakes, which are good. Otherwise, avoid.
Ordered the Strawberry French toast which was great, was not impressed with service from the get go.
The lettuce wraps are delicious.  The chicken is very well seasoned.
Decent prices and big portions! The white dragon roll is our favourite. Will be back!
Fast service, was in and out for work quickly. Bill is very nice and great to chat with
Amazing service Everytime we come here, I never have a problem . I got a brisket sub omg amazing!
Thank you Brakes Plus for always taking care of my car. I appreciate all your efforts.
Found my new favorite dish- medium fatty tuna sashimi bowl. O.M.G. is all I have to say!!
I wake up this morning i take a shower i find my wallet in the floor and my $300 was gone !!  Shit
The food is really good quality and value, albeit simple. The service has improved recently.
Ive always loved walmart for the cheap prices and convenience.  WALMART YAY!
My favorite go to Sushi! Fabulous staff, with excellent food & service! A locals favorite.
Great place for the scrap bookers convention, I can't wait until next year
Alysia remembered me.  Blond. She made me and my friends amazing drink. Great bartender!!!
best broth, best noodles, best pork belly!!! their ramen is better than monta yes i said it
Great food! Good service. Grilled wings are tasty! Got the wango tango sauce and sweet potato fries
One of the best airports!  Clean and tons of restaurant options.. Sfo should learn from these guys!
Amazing. No words to say. Elegant and classes and with the best menu in Toronto . I enjoy so much.
Awesome food. Great grab & go. Loved the Sunday brunch. The staff is super nice & helpful.
Always been a big fan of Caribou...their iced coffee is awesome so no complaints here!
Oil flowing in a stream from the fold in the slice.  Sorry, but, it's not the worst I've had.
This place I amazing, plan ahead bring cash, lots, and your drinking face!  We will be back soon!
I could eat here every day. Delicious food and great staff.
Quiet, beautiful patio, top notch service. Best pancakes we've ever had!
Another great meal! The best General Tso's  Chicken in town:) Service is prompt and courteous.
We've loved this place for almost 10 years. Delicious ramen, delectable boba smoothies. Good times.
Awesome Dentist and staff!!! Dr Ghim knows his stuff!!
Greaat indoor decor. Great service. Great food.their homemade popatoes are awesome
Phenomenal experience. Not rushed, relaxed and most importantly, clean!
Very uneven haircut. Worst customer service. Unclean. Expensive considering the aforementioned.
Excellent food, I tried the falafel and beef shawerma and truly one of the best I've ever tried
Pretty delicious, as a Hispanic I'm very picky with Mexican food, but this place is perfect!
Got a pedicure today, too.  Very relaxing!  Highly recommend you come by here for your salon needs.
one of my favorite theaters in the valley. great food options outside the theater!
Amazing all around, corn beef is the best I've ever had. Ask for Theresa, great service!
Holy cow this pumpkin spiced latte is sweet!!!
Customer service was awesome but the pizza was so so. Worth a try tho.kind of lacked flavor.
Great if you're a dog owner.
Fast, Fresh. Homemade tortillas. The Chipotle pulled pork is one of the best burritos I've ever had.
Local Bistro has great food and great drinks! It's a great place to go for happy hour.
It was okay... Not quite what I expected. Food was extremely greasy and fries were bland and soggy.
The Rainbow Bowl was Amazing! Great, refreshing way to start the morning ! Game changer
could have left a 5-star if it's not cash only... went to the restaurant next door instead.
horrid service, cold, bland tasteless food.  the sausage gravy was so disgusting!
I just LOVE this place! From the moment you walk in, you can just smell the greatness!
This store is clean and organized, Manager is friendly and helpful. Definitely will come again.
Manager talked to me about the service issue the other night and make it right
The sushi tastes great, it's fairly priced, and the conveyor belt concept is awesome!
Love this place. My fav are the vegetarian plate and the shawarma. Really nice owner!
Helped me with the purchase of a Surly Ice Cream Truck.  Great folks to work with!
Great prices and food! Awesome sushi menu.. awesome sushi lunch menu too great deal!
The atmosphere and service were great. We loved the Cuban Reuben and the craft beers.
I tried the curry duck, it was good but could have used more duck.
No review needed. Simply the best corned beef any where including anywhere in NY city.  Awesome!!!!
Adam was amazing! The food was great. Double pork chop with garlic mashed red potatoes and asparagus
Great place, great beer selection, amazing decor, beautiful patio area, cool looking smoking area.
They were out of craw fish an hour after opening!! Disappointed!!
It's an overpriced donut shoppe although they ARE good donuts. Atmosphere? uh... there's A/C.
It is simply the best I have ever had.  Enough said.  Sorry Danny's
We love here! Like the natural ingredients and not too sweet. Also the lightbulbs sooo cute.
Horrible service! Won't come here again. Food was ok nothing special.
Great food.  Family dining. Good service and price.
Been going here for years and very pleased every time...  Friendly, fast and pleasant atmosphere.
Great customer service, friendly lash artists and excellent lashes!!! I highly recommend!
I was really happy with their service!!!  Honest, polite, efficient, and fair with the price.
Very nice place, lots of detail and delicious frozen custard. Good thing I don't live close to it.
Friendly staff. Good prices and we can all get the pizza we want.  Quick. Affordable. Fresh.
The service was OK, the rooms were older, The sink was clogged and the bed was uncomfortable
Mediocre food, slow and alright service.   Would recommend other Izakaya.
Delicious! We had the lamb shanks, steak, and  all were delicious and exceeded our expectations.!
It was the best coffeeshop in all of Madison. And then it closed (was it 2003 or 2004?) So, so sad.
Excellent pizza and great customer service.  This was our first time but we will be back soon!!!
Great place and great food but to far from the strips. Steakation was very tasty and I loved it :-)
good place for summer days, food is good and prices ok
This is a family favorite! We go to Sunnyside more than any other place for breakfast.
Great service and food loved it! Prices aren't bad I'm sure the public will enjoy this place
must go stop in las vegas if you are a foodie! no need to write a long review just go that's it!
Yum yum yum! So good. AYCE (all you can eat) Korean BBQ with sides. I love this place!
Damn fine waitresses So many delicious beers Paul- bring on the meat.
Yogurt has a bit of a weird texture and there's no reward program.
really amazing food. borsh was so taste!!
Tried the cereal milk ice cream was delicious and appetizing, but holy was it expensive!
I love their home-made fries.Their Lunch menus are great.
Jesse and his boys are awesome and get work done fast and not too expensive either! Love these guys!
Waitresses looked dead, behaved accordingly. Service was so-so. Food was so-so as well.
1oak is a super awesome great club I would definately go back!
Brunch was awful, service was slow, waiters were judgmental, but I'd go back for the laughs.
Rough start for lunch. Waitress with an attitude.
Bianca is awesome! Great local business with awesome designs. I want two of everything!
Friendly workers and they keep the shop clean and well stocked.
No nonsense goodness. So very delicious. Blah blah blah amazing everything. Eat here damnit.
Great food.  Stiff drinks  sweet dessert.  Try their steak from Omaha Steaks reserve.
I didn't try more than 1 drink but was happy with it. Had s licorice stick. Super yummy.
Always a fan of Grimaldi's, they have great NY style pizza in the valley.
Great customer service. Got me a pedicure right away. Super clean and decorated beautifully!
amazing variety of food in a great atmosphere.  I'll keep coming back
Love Yelp! I got a free Sangria, food, conversation and drinks were great as I ended my Vegas trip.
Ahhhh yummmy! *sighs dreamily*
Love everything about this cafe, outdoor patio, crepes, coffee, homemade desserts.  Cozy vibe
I tried the pizza for the first time. It was great! I really enjoy it and will be coming back!
Great place to burn some energy. Staff was friendly and the facility was nice and clean.
 
Great happy hour menu, make sure you get the pork green chili or the big ass burger.
eemmm coffee  went for the first time gotta free coffee loved it so much went back and gotta nather
Best wing's (the works!!) and sports bar atmosphere ever! The best music is always playing!
High price for car wash. I asked for discount and got $2 off. That was nice.
Chicken and waffles, What a pair with custard at the end!  My favorite is the macaroni waffle.
Knocking a star off for waitstaff service....maybe 2...it's getting comical at this point.
Cute place for breakfast or lunch  Food was delicious  Owners are sweet and very friendly
The best!  Dino has kept our cars running for 15 years, we will continue to come back.
How does a manager allow this to happen? Disgusting is all I have to say. Service as ok but omg
I'm coming back for the pumpkin spice cookie sandwich and Jakob with a J! This place is amazing!
Try the horchata!! FYI their spicy runs really spicy but it's good and I mean really spicy
Nice spot , cool $$. Staff was helpful. Left with a bag bag !! If your not choking your not smoking.
Friendly, attentive staff and amazing handmade pasta make this a winner!
Great little spot with fantastic food. The service was wonderful as well. Friendly and attentive.
It's hard to find fresh good veggie friendly food. Simply put YUMMY!
The food is great for the portion size. and price to as well.
Disappointed with today's Pizza Rev visit, pizza is delicious as usual, service is really bad today!
Great service, excellent coffee, and awesome teas.  You can't go wrong with Dutch Bros!
Place where the locals come to hang out.  Plenty of TVs to watch sports.
Sadly!! The worst place to go with your kids due to the terrible staff!!
Nice location, nice lofts
Serious.... SP Fries.... Wings really, this place rocks
Ronen, was fast professional and friendly. Amazing service. I'm a very satisfied customer. Thank u!!
poor customer service. if they get your order correct the food is good. if they don't it your fault
Very fast efficient and clean. Food was very good I would come back to this Taco Bell in the future
What a total surprise. Love these ladies. Thank you so very much for great haircut!!!
Love the layout and the VIPs are absolutely reasonable probably the best dances I've ever had here
Really great service and the food was awesome! Seriously addicted to the garlic edamame. So so good!
Stumbled in on a rainy day. What a perfect treat to warm us up. Perogies were awesome!
Huge wine list. Great service.  Brunch menu is fantastic.  Love the Masa boat and the Mexican Cofee!
Excellent service and high quality food.  Thoughtful flavor pairing and presentations.
Pretty good fast Asian food. Nice service. And they got brown rice , so it works for me!
Good day out.   Greens could be better maintained.   Fairways and facilities are fantastic
I waited 30 minutes for a single order. The food was okay but I was glad I was not in a rush.
Nice job done on my car.  Will bring our other car here for full tint on all windows.
Sooo Good! Chicken & Waffles, Bacon Pancakes I had the bacon waffles and corned beef h
A good experience
Probably the best Ramen I've ever had. Portion sizes are pretty good too!
Great place to eat, large portions of noodle soup, with very sizable pork portions, I'll be back!
best korean food i had in sauga so far. the flavor was pretty authentic and the selection is vast
Tasty and simple! Lunch special $6: jerk chicken with rice and peas, coleslaw (it's spicy as is!)
Perfect dive bar...comfortable, groovy and cool. Don't change a thing
unreal !!!!! great staff, great place, great food.  new menu is awesome
Horrible show. No story, just a high school  show with great boobs.
Food was really good, service was TERRIBLE.  I love the little grocer vibe.  Owner wasn't pleasant.
Excellent service...so helpful, Jamie is a dream when it comes to finding the right dress.
Good coffee and pastry. It's always busy, too busy.
Standard Mexican fair.  Service was bland with no smiles.  Felt like a transaction the whole time.
Amazing curry tonkatsu, add on hot spring egg for true magic
First timers here! Super friendly staff, ordered a Rebel, Freeze and Birthday cake. Great drinks!
Very nice people!  Good Enchiladas combo. Visiting Vegas from NJ it was very close to our Airbnb.
I can't speak to how the local students like this place, but 2 bars + bowling are A-OKAY by me.
Wanted to love it. One of the worst burgers I've ever had. Fries soggy and flavorless.
My favorite local hangout. Food's great, staff is the best. No need to go anywhere else.
OMG the best pace ever its Disneyland in my mouth can't wait for them to come to Atlanta
Friendly staff.  Quick response time.  Great for small businesses.
My favorite everyday restaurant! Healthy, delicious and friendly staff. Changed the way I eat
Food was overpriced and order was incorrect.  Food was bland. Waitress was very good however
Your drivers are jerks. I would never use your company because they drive like idiots and are rude.
Excellant Food !!! Great Service... unique design. I will be telling friends about this place.
Wow.  Soft Tofu Soup.  Wow.  If you like a little girth to your Korean soups - do it.
This is a great place to get a reasonably priced haircut and color.  Ashley and Ariel are fabulous
Great hotel. Many activities, shows, pools and restaurants. Will definitely come back
Decent burgers, but messy. The soda selection is interesting. Huge wall of antique sodas.
Great polish food experience! Very good from the soup to the black sausage! I could eat here weekly
Great yogurt, good selection, and fair price.
Had fun at grand nephew's 1st birthday party
Truffle fries are to die for!!! Pre drink with the pear wine sangira and you've reached bliss.
Always enjoy the wings, fries and beer! Great place.
Friendly,  clean and amazingly delicious food. Love the tuna melt and the eggplant parmesiano
One of my favorite spots for BBQ!! And conveniently located across from my apartment complex.
Really good breakfast. A lot variation of food. Excellent service.prices are pretty fair.
Great location right across from Lincoln Park in Tremont. Small and intimate. Great iced coffee.
Great food, very friendly staff, and fair pricing. Definitely will be eating here regularly!
Delicious!  Had to wait awhile to get in but it was worth the wait. Will definitely be back :)
Enjoyed! Sat in VIP, worth it. 75 min show. Good numbers. Wish the guys stripped too.
Very cool, new Whiskey Spot in Old Town Scottsdale.  You can't go wrong with an Old Fashioned here!!
It goes almost without saying that Bosa is amazing... the place is a legend among donut houses!
Great spa, very clean, Kathy (Cathy?) does a great job. Extensive menu of pedicure services.
Service was quick and to the point Food was excellent Would recommend gyoza and rainbow rolls
 
I'll update my review just because I like the food and it's very convenient to order it there.
horrible experience. very uninformed when it comes to color. they turned my hair green. do not go!
Chicken has many little bone pieces . Be careful. Taste is ok, it is not good as it should be.
Fabulous store! A must stop if you are in Akron. A wonderful space and friendly staff!
Have been going to Dr. Baker for over 15 years. Great staff, facility and dentist..highly recommend
I don't have a lot to say other than the best tacos I've ever had! Nice quiet place, great service!
Omg...best burritos in town.  Margaritas are crazy crazy!!  5 stars for the trash can Nachos .
Great food and service in good atmosphere.  Reasonably priced.  Will definately get back there.
Easy, painless cleaning.I would definitely recommend and am looking forward to my next appointment!
Really enjoyed our food from GS BBQ , ordered from DoorDash, next time we'll pop by
Amazing!!!!!!!!!!! Great food great service so delicious I found my favorite spot to in in Las Vegas
I dont like smoked neat but this was 5 stars!   Enough said!  They are professionals!
Went here last summer and OMG!!!  Not only are the servings humungous, the food tastes great too.
Great selection, great prices
Awesome group of ladies serving up great coffee. Amazing space and nice chill coffee shop vibe.
Delicious jerk chicken!!! Highly recommend this place. This is my go to place. Love it
Best vegan restaurant in Las Vegas! Come here every week! Orange chicken is the best on the menu.
Mahi tacos -deelish!  Totally fun place - we loved the food and the atmosphere
I would give them zero stars if I could. Terrible experience with reception and parking staff.
This place is small but the FOOD is VERY good...we came 2 days straight...I highly recommend it.
Very festiv atmosphere for Christmas shopping, and great Red wine sangria to take the edge off!
Food was half decent service was as good and prices aren't worth the quality of food you get
Good variety. Ice cream was a little hard and took a while to soften. Good quality overall.
Great place to live amazing staff and nice gym
The food and service was excellent. Glad I found this place while working in the area.
                    
Love the pad Thai and the Thai red curry is probably the best meal I've ever had. Seriously.
great food. great drinks.  on par service.  would definitely recommend and will absolutely be back.
the best, dont be limited to the menu, they can make anything!
Great place ! Great test !! Stop by ... you won't regret !!! Authentic Chicago style food ...
best place for your weekend needs!
Great music good friendly staff good food. GREAT VIEW
Manny from modern family was here
Amazing instructors and they take donations not a set fee. Be generous. :)
This was an excellent surprise! Very good mead and games. We will definitely be back!
Nice service, no lunch variety,  great vegetables juice. 3 stars for little choices in lunch menu .
Just had the chopped salad and it was delicious as usual.   I like the zesty dressing.
I really like the beef noodle soup and spicy wonton the food made my stomach feel comfortable
Fresh produce that's affordable! Friendly staff and different options to make a delicious meal!
Such a cute little place with amazing food and the friendliest workers. Definitely coming back! :)
Best Mac & Cheese in Toronto! Perfect for that post-bar hunger.
This buffet is terrible. I didn't even have to pay for it and I was still disappointed. It's so bad.
Les gaufres li geoises sont fantastiques.  Toute la famille a aim .
Did the theft room and failed lol but we had such a blast! Will definitely come again!
Another disappointment in the valley. I was hoping the reviews on yelp helped but no success.
Amazing golf course, best conditions in Vegas, what an experience
do not come here for steak. this is not a steak. its ok for japanese food but please no steak
Butter chicken,  kabab and naan were great. Chicken biryani was dry and the rice plain.
Jack in the box is more tastier in my own opinion but still taste like a burger:)
This school is definitely overrated. Don't be misled.
Great taco salad!! Mango salsa is amazing !
Best bacon in town.  Plus you always get 4 strips.  Other restaurants you get 3.  Nice people.
Man, this place is delicious. Super energetic atmosphere and kid friendly. I'll definitely be back!
Great service, they cut my hair the way I wanted. Recommend this place to anyone who needs a haircut
Poor Service.  No return to multiple messages left on their voice mail.   Go Elsewhere!!!
Okay this place is going downhill hillFast. todays food was YUK!!!!!!!!
One of the only truly Japanese restaurants in NE Ohio.  This place is fantastic.
Delicious hot lunches & some of best unsweetened ice tea.  Also a great selection of desserts.
Love capital Grille. Great location. Great food. Nice wine selection and amazing desserts!
This place is awesome. Just go. The clay sauna and herbal steam room are not to miss.
Great Restaurant. Best Poutine ever. Greating from Czech republic
Now I'm not a huge Yoga person, but after taking my first class I really enjoyed it.
If you want to wait 10 min in the drive thru for a screwed up order,   this is the place for you!
Very good new restaurant. I had the ribs. Quite good. Atmosphere is nice.
My phone was repaired in less than an hour. A professional staff. A central location as well...
Stopped for lunch. Food was tremendous service very friendly, we saw several locals eating here.
This is pizza you will legitimately dream about and crave. Try the Pistachio, it's a game changer.
Love this place for German Food.   Have to try the Sunday Brunch next time. Heard it was very good.
Their slush machine was broken almost all summer. I went elsewhere to get my freezes.
Thanks for a great lunch I appreciate the service. I recommend this place for quick bites.
Favourite shawarma place! Food is delicious and they don't charge extra for any sides!
Everything good .... I am so happy in here .. Price , food , srevice , view  are so amzing !!!
Friendly and just what I needed.  Great service and convenient
From service, price, personality, Katie is your girl! If you want it done right, go see Katie!!
Great food & plenty of it.  Our waitress Jade was awesome!!!!  Ask for her section.
They will give you a "frequent diner" card if you are a regular. Good for a free cookie.
Good yummy healthy vegan food!
Responded quickly to message, very friendly service.  Will use them again in the future!
Vast but really lacking in food venues, could cater better for visitors.
A community fund raising event is being held here tonight.  What a beautiful very spacious venue!
They have kept my rental in good condition with good tenants.
My favorite food!  Love the fresh, nutritious options!  Delish!
Bomb place to get 2 for 1 drinks! Look for KYLE!!!! Tell him that girl on yelp sent you! Xoxo
We your email sent out a Last time you had a chance you can come over s is the way kJ bnouv
Une excellente qualit  pour les pains et p tisseries mais les prix sont un peu  lev s quand m me...
just eat the chicken salad...... or the shroom swiss burger.....nuf said
Very good food. I alway appreciate hot (temp) food. Ours was.  Garlic bread melts in your mouth.
The best Thai in Calgary. A simple menu with plenty of choices and every dish is done well.
Best breakfast and awesome customer service Love the strawberry crapes and the pies are to die for.
Extremely clean!!! Staff was incredibly friendly. Did a great job on pedicure. Will be coming back!!
Horrible food, don't waste your $$ there,  worst buffet ever
Went in for our 2nd visit, more people working, fast service, much better this time around!
BIG Improvement!  COMMUNICATION I really like how they communicate delays.
A good variety of dishes, good service and relatively clean with friendly staff, would come again
I've been a member 12 years and they always provide great service with low loan rates.
Canonita I love you ! Thanks for the amazing food and great service see you next time ^.^
Best bar in old town. Great staff and service.  Drinks are cheap lots of t.v.s
These guys know what they are doing. Great work and the price is right!! Highly recommend
Horrible very slow service!! I ordered food that never came and after manager insisted I pay for it
Large portions, great service, mimosa are tasty... be prepared for food coma!
Food is delicious, and service was great! This place definitely needs to stick around!
Good value tasty dumplings.
Garlic tuna roll and Vegas roll were amazing ! Place was clean. Wish there was outdoor seating.
The noodle is always fresh and nice.   Terrific food! We love it!  Definitely come back again!
I definitely recommend prime time batting  cages! clean venue and very nice employees!!!
Best beef tartare ive ever had Chocolate dessert is amazing The duck was a little too rare for me
The best place to go for produce.  The prices are great & they have a huge selection of organic too.
Wish interest paid was better, but over all a great bank and on line service.
After coming here, I realized, all AYCE KBBQ places should consider doing self-serve.
If you need an internet connection, find another hotel because this wifi is non existent!
Big fan of the coffee selection- Counter Culture and Pure Intentions (a local, CLT coffee roaster)
The worst place for dog's grooming, hurt my dog's leg, neck twice. Never go Petsmart again.
This store is doesn't have a lot of selection. Parking looks kinda dangerous at night.
A OK !!! 5/5 Stars, great place. Lori is such a sweetheart and absolutely rocks!!!
Have been a patient for over a year.  Staff is great and everyone is super friendly and helpful.
Great men's cuts! They even shave your neck with a straight blade
I ordered a beef dish and it tasted like a lamb. I didn't like the food. Service is good.
Amazing place.   Food was spectacular as was the vibe.    Great attention to detail and great value.
Excellent food and great service. My husband and I been here several times.
Wow, they are earning their bad reputation. Four pieces of chicken in a six piece order. Really??
Unfortunatey the food was terrible and the service was even worse. Very dissappointing.
Pastor Tacos are AWESOME here. Well worth the wait!!! We look forward to coming here when on Vegas.
They are pleasant. Fast service. No waiting. I will definitely come here for my pharmacy needs.
Yummy soup and salad
Crazy packed. It is the hip and cool bar right now... Drink prices are ok.
Lots of lunch choices for $4.95, beer $3, more (lunch).  In the Miracle Mile center.  Good service.
Blondie's is such a fun place to kick it! Pizza is AMAZING! Nick and Niall are hilarious and so fun!
It was good the service wasn't bad at all   Great atmosphere to hang out with friends and family
Love this place. I've been here so many times and it never disappoints. AYCE  the best in Vegas
Don't even bother going here, they didn't even have good customer service at all, it was terrible
my ex would get pecan sticky buns for breakfast... heavenly!  the other confections fabulous!
A bit of everything. Upscales stores, normal mall stores, good restaurants, fun themed atmosphere.
Food was good..eggs were done to perfection.   The coffee was hot and the washrooms were clean.
Great service, great food. Perfect diner for those who want to take them time with breakfast.
I used to live within walking distance. I moved. Bad decision.
Fees upon fees. Don't throw your money away in this place. Poor customer service.
Great price when u do the dinner combo.  Also steamed fish tilapia is done very well.
This place is a hidden gem! The Chili Gobi is amazing, fun Telugu music, great service!
Huge selection in the summer, mostly organic. One of my favorite things in Madison!
Who knew vegetarian pho would taste so good. Definitely a place to try when you are sick of meat.
Food was great, we all got the mixed grill and loved it. The steak is the best part for sure!!
Seriously, the hospitality, food, ambiance and cocktails are the best in town. Love coming here!
can't help but be honest,i love this spot at the m resort,never be disappionted
Fish tacos are awesome.  Very good food.  Not your average American Mexican cuisine.
Very crowded with rude people and the store is mess. No real help from any of the staff.
The owners are always super friendly and their donuts are delicious! Highly recommend!i
$21 for two affogato!!  Tasted good just not sure it was worth it. Oh well, it's Vegas.
great tacos, all the meats taste great I had asada, pastor and suadero, all i can say its delicious.
Samm is the coolest server I've ever met! Awesome customer service! Great happy hour too.
Great Happy Hour! Just get there early because the bar fills up fast.  Love the pork green chile.
Mind blowing fries, burger and one of the best shake. I would totally recommend you to try it.
This is a premier child care center in Las Vegas now open 24 hrs.  Bring your children here.
Tried this place for the first time and it was good af. The portions are big and the price was fair.
Really good pizza. Stopped in a little after lunch. Prompt service and great specials!
Great little place. Helped with a notary and fax. They didn't gouge me on the price and
Excellent donuts and friendly staff! Just as good as all of the other locations I've been to.
This place sucks.  Period.  Crazy expensive kindergarten quality manicures and pedicures,  don't go.
Subs are awesome and the soup bowls were huge!  Food came quick and price was good, we'd go back.
Great staff and a well maintained course. Inexpensive twilight tee times.
Service was top notch and the food was great. Definitely a restaurant that has a lot of options
Love this place.. food is delish!! Always have laughs with the Bartenders when we visit.
More like, "For the Love of Cupcakes." Truly the best in the entire city. I'm a fan.
Delish!!! I ordered the chic and it was solo tasty!
It's Hooters.  It's Tempe.  It's Wing Wednesday...all you can eat for $10.  Enough said.
Beware the cooks will bite your food, re-fry it then pack it up like nothing happened.
Best in the business. I come service my equus here as well as my santa fe always amazing.
Wow. Great service. Gret work. No complaints whatsoever.
Pure nastyyyyy pizza tasted like a bagel from frys!
Smallish store but prices are good and I found some fun vintage smalls. I will be back.
Nachos were horrible almost stale tasting. Burrito I had earlier this year was very good however.
I Love their Soupes & Entr 's but the fried chicken and beef can be very dry sometimes
I love Liberty Market.  Great food! Tasty desserts.
I love Starbucks but the drive-thru is always so slow. I might have to find a new one:/
Been coming here since I was in my mom's belly and it's still AMAZING!!!
Friendly staff and delicious food what more could you ask for! Super fast too!! We got the dim sum
My favorite Parma dive! My friends & I always get a bucket drink. Great food for cheap!
Great massage! Very relaxing atmosphere. Just what I needed to get rid of my knots. Will be back!
It's 3 months after my initial review and the prosecco is still not chilled enough. What up????
Great happy hour. Jack and coke $3. Just stopped in while walking by. Good live music too
Great selection of books for every reader. Easy to find something compelling to be read.
Nice sports Bar nice service everything  mucho Bueno Los recomiendo welcome to Blondies
This was a great dinner with the kids. Here on vacation and got out of there under $20.
My first time, sadly last time. Nothing special here and we came on staff doesn't care day
just coz its close to home, so its easy access for decent neighbor food delivery option
At it again, about to get my eat on, Great place to get your grub on! Drum roll please.....
This is my new favorite place. Great service, perfect hot dogs, and even better burgers.
Nice diner with great service. Ordered the Philadelphia cheese steak and it was really good.
Jeff does magic - I am so happy I found this spa & someone I can trust to do good work.   Thank you.
Everything from the chickenwing app to the ribs!!! Great bourbon selections!! A must go to!
La bouffe est excellente. Bonne ambiance. Excellent service. Mon endroit pr f r    Verdun.
I felt like the fish wasn't fresh. Won't be back. Try AhiPoke. They are amazing.
Really enjoyed happy hour; great food, drinks and ambience. We'll definitely be back.
I suggest the double pepperoni or house meatballs. Walnut Gorgonzola salad is amazing!
Great new place in downtown Cleveland.  Awesome food and great service.
Great food, great service. You're going to get your hands dirty, enjoy!! Yum!!
Went here for lunch and it was still SUPER YUMMY!!!
Lots of food for your money.  Great friendly service.  OJ was expensive but that maybe an AZ thing.
Waited forever for delivery. An hour late. Restaurant didn't seem to care. Lousy food. Stay away.
Always a pleasant server and the food is consistantly good. That keeps me comming back
The green chili pork bowl is a MUST try! Go early, as the line can get long after 5:30/6pm.
I've got TVs in mirror !   This place is dope.  Free drinks in room and a free ride to the airport.
It's a hidden gem. Amazing food. Casual atmosphere where you can linger with family/friends.
Ask for marwan, very honest and great service. Best Midas location in Toronto by far!
Really good pulled pork sandwich.  Great place overall.
Love Mary Coyle! Great place for the kids and best ice cream flavors in town. Highly recommended!
First time in the Flats  we ate at Alley Cat.  Awesome food, GREAT oysters.  Well Done Alley Cat.
RJ's has closed and is now Over Under Sports Grill. New ownership, spiffed up interior, new menu.
This is a good shoe store. Wide variety of laces and insoles!
Totally disgusting overpriced caesar salad alert!
Monday Night Fotball: great food, especially the Chocolate chip cookie dough eggroll.!
My favorite! The best burgers in town and amazing cocktails :)
Great food and a very friendly staff. A very nice bar area to have a couple margaitas.
This place was a waste of time and money. There subs was way below avg.
Avoid this place like the plague!   Way too overpriced for the location and service given.
Very casual and relaxing place to eat. They have the best salted caramel brownies I have ever had.
Today I'm having the pig dip sandwich and goat cheese was great and the service was great
What I expect from a robertos. They have good service and good food.
Great employees, excellent service, attention to details, Friendly People and Quality Coffee!!
Great burgers, Steak sandwich also great. Love this place, only downside, cash only.
The food was great. But even for tapas, too small.
Great pizza.  An equivalent of the original in nyc.  Spinach salad is great, pizza if top notch
Very tasty gyro poutine! Good gravy and good fries! Just wish they had curds instead of feta.
Ann always takes care of me.  Does me right every time. I have referred many people to her.
Great customer service! Very fast watch battery change. Honest prices. Will be coming back.
Best burger place I've been too in awhile.  Second time here and it's still as amazing as the first!
Always speedy delivery, nice snack when you have the midnight munchies. It satisfies your demands.
Overpriced. Cute and hip, but not the greatest food. And the bathroom setup is not my cup of tea.
Great for a quick bite while at work. Highly recommend!
Amazing food! Delicious and flavorful. The lunch menu was great - not very expensive. Good value!
Amazing Indian food inion nann great service possible the best Indian food in Canada.
I dont like the pad thai it doesnt taste good.. just go somewhere else.. it is not worth it..
shrimp tempura roll was soooo bad, shrimp was over cooked and there was barely any rice on the roll.
Great food great price. Not as flashy as madmex but very nice.
Very good service!  Professional, reasonable prices, clean, friendly, and fexible with schedule.
The best thing on the menu is the Potato Verenekes. The smoked meat is a very close second.
One word: MAGICAL. A wonderful production for the whole family to enjoy!
Went for my mom's 60th birthday, part of 4...awesome food and good service. I will go back!
I've only been here for the fish fry about 20 times. It's the best in town, period!
I'll definitely recommend Sand Dollar Mobile review to anyone who needs notary services.
Meilleur poulet portugais en ville, point final. Le personnel est super sympathique et attentionn .
My mom is from Yunnan province. She said this restaurant has the most authentic Yunnan cuisine!
Love this place! The way they serve their drinks in beaker looking glasses makes it more exciting!
Mario does a great job at Hacienda mobile car wash they really took care of me definitely stop by
very nice people who run this establishment. get the hot chocolate with a shot of hazelnut!
Cnt wait for free coffee promo# hv been telling frnds abt d deal. So watch out for more bizness!
This is the best espresso in the entire metro area, at the moment.
Most disgusting soup I've ever had, will never eat here again but the service was good.
Absolutely love the ribs and chicken, always love coming here. Very clean, good service.
They are always awesome!  Pure vanilla is my favie still.  Store is clean and service is fast.
Great service, reasonable price and really good noodles and wonton soup! Better than LA!
Great foog and fun atmosphere! Gotta try the meatballs.
For a trendy place, Stingray serves some good sushi.
Just opened. Friendly staff. Good portions per order. Menu is worded incorrectly tho so beware.
Finally a Korean/Japanese restaurant in Tramonto!! Great service and great food, fast!
Great prices. Friendly associates. Joined a gun range after making my first purchase.
solid, quick, and cheap. long lines during lunch.
Honey Toast with green tea ice cream!!   nuff said :-)
Amazing!! It's definitely moving, no pun intended. No bad seat in the house. A very good show.
Great price, amazing pizza!! I always get the big ass slice combo with a drink and it's beyond good.
Really good food and amazing service. Loving the iced green tea
Best "traditional" mall in the area. I guess not many malls are left.  Good variety of stores.
Great food Good service Clean and nice venue Well run We keep going back Good spot for a date night
Awesome food,service and bathrooms were clean! Edwin (server)and Ben (chef)were great!
This is the best Ethiopian Restaurant in Vegas! Hands Down!  Come find out for yourself!
I had the Cod and chips $14. The french fries were great, the Cod was good, all 2 pieces.
This is a great coffee place, they know what they are doing. The space is small and always full.
Great food, unique menu, amazing steak.  Would definitely recommend.
Lots of delicious hand made goodies here. Yum. Pleasant staff too.
The service here is always fast & the drinks are always good. I love the friendly & upbeat servers.
Very flavorful and fresh. Service was very friendly and accomadatig. Highly recommend!
Great Barbecue. One of the few places around serving burnt ends. Great service as well.
Fun place for families,  my salami was tough, the bread was a bit stale. Slow service too
They had me at Jazz flute. The whole newer, nicer waitress doesn't hurt either.
Great show and worth the price admission. Very talented singers and a must see for Rock n Roll fans.
Dr. Frank is awesome. He is very caring and thorough. Will recommend him to all of my friends.
Really good. Needed a little more help from the order takers for first time. Loved the environment.
It may not be for the faint of heart, but you'll find some of the best food in Pittsburgh here.
Oh my gosh, I just got a Thank You card from my sales rep! What a nice touch!
Great place with great FINDS ! Super nice people, too ! Love that place !
Best musical repair shop in the city! They can fix anything.
Good for a good price. The teriyaki salmon is my favorite. I'm not a huge fan of the hibachi shrimp.
Excellent movers they were on time and professional, efficient, hands down the best movers in Vegas
i love and adore this place...
The salads here are absolutely ah-mazing!  My fav is the chopped salad with crawfish....delicious!
Nice place. was there in 2005 for the Las Vegas International Accordion Convention.
Great beer, incredible sausages, beer hall style communal seating, just a great fun environment.
Best wings I've had in the city!  Great beer selection and friendly staff
Excellent food and super friendly staff!  Food is authentic, well prepared, and reasonably priced.
The best cold brew!! Fancy vegan treats, monthly art shows and live events. My new favourite place
We love lumpy's!! They have a dairy free option which is hard to come by and it's always delicious!
Monica is amazing ! She is a true artist , makes my brows look fantastic ! She is the bestest !
Always great food. I love the lemon rice chicken soup. The service is always so nice and fast.
I went here... THats about all i can say. MEDIOCRE
Chaz left but the team is great prices are always too high! But I always will return!
great little place to get fresh Asian food , I like the service , I like there prices
It's an airport Hooters bro... wings, beers, curly fries, boobs, lots of tvs. #itiswhatitis
Always a pleasure renting a car from National.
Glad to see that Muscle Maker Grill is back. The food is delicious and the service is great.
This place is now closed :( where can I find as good quality beef jerky in Calgary now?!!!
Amazing food. I had a tandoori chicken flatbread sandwich which was perfect. My new favorite meal.
Good food.  It is obvious you aren't in a chain restaurant and I like that.
Food is good just overpriced.   If you buy chips and salsa your salsa will come in little bags lol
C sar is amazing!  Great food great service!! I like the one downtown but this place is fantastic!
Unfriendly staff. Overcrowded pool. Overpriced drinks. Had a much better time at Sky Pool next door.
     
Employees are so friendly and upbeat. Environment is very authentic and cool. Food is amazing.
My favorite Mexican joint. Carne Asada fries are the bomb.com!
Great choice of food , love the sherbet's all around  good eats..
RATS!  And mice.  And 100% occupancy, so Greystar Management will not remedy.  Why should they?
Flame grilled burgers, build your own veggies and sauces and throw in a beer. AWESOME burger place.
Great books, great cause. Love picking up books for my toddler.
Nice clean atmosphere and come out feeling Amazing.massage chairs make it a great extra
I really enjoyed my mani pedi today! They made me feel very pampered and did an excellent job.
Great outlet ! Good deal!!!Juicy jacket is half off the orig price ;) I always love Juicy Couture :)
Very good job and good working around animals! Will definitely use again! Thanks!
They have good sandwiches & pastries here...Great place to get snacks.
The drive through at this location is a nightmare but the inside has interesting decorum.
The food is good but the service isn't very great. Good customer service goes a long way.
Good honest HVAC service. Easy to set up appointment on a their website too. Love these guys!
Delicious.  Great Service.  Yelp Deals are the best!!!  Glad to have a local Mexican Restaurant.
Waste of money. Spent $4 on house special and it tasted like water with jello. Absolutely no flavor.
Fast no wait seating on a Saturday night ...but be prepared to pay for substandard food!
Great spot for lunch!  Falafel Power!!!  The best hostess this side of the Mississippi!
Families fighting... Salad dressing that tastes like mayonnaise. Not a fan. Won't be back
Great place for a quick sandwhich, and who can complain when they give you a free cookie too.
Teenagers and younger adults apparel very nice but not my style anymore.
Fantastic deals and great warrantees. Love this place. Bought lots of computers from them.
Most affordable and delicious Tempe restaurant! The chicken is incredible. CASH ONLY
Best place for KBBQ In Las Vegas! I come here once a week..... excellent service and quality !
The only place in town we have practiced for the past 10years! Very professional and family owned!
Just finished Andrea's 4:30 class. An inspiring teacher with a lot of knowledge.
Great service. Thanks for making a raining day sunny CJ. I appreciate the positive comment.
I love this place,I can get good quality equipment for a fraction of the cost.
Excellent! Customer service is canned and attention on other staff members but who cares in the end!
Great atmosphere, gorgeous food, good prices. The wait can be a little nutso but worth it!
Only went once, but it was great. The food was really good and it has a nice atmosphere.
So friendly staff Portia was excellent  Food was delicious also  Great location  Clean
The chicken and beef bowl is excellent, gets a tad crowded during lunch but great otherwise.
Love Joyride taco house! Whoa! Love it!! Addicted. Fun place for the whole family!
El mejor lugar para comer. En este ciudad del Diablo. Menu super y presidentes frias.
Gourmet breakfast, delicious and inexpensive. Excellent service in nice atmosphere and free parking.
Delicious comfort food. Have had a few of the pies, and all of them satisfied my cravings.
Been here a few times and love it.  The employees all do great work.  I will continue to come here.
Molcajete $32 amazing amount of food  Excellent quality!  Sweet servers, biggest guacamole ever!
Pretty good shrimp,egg,leek dumpling! Mai xiang yuan is more juicy and better though!!
Excellent service and food, one of the better Thai restaurants in Cleveland
We had the short ribs and they were wonderful!  Very tender.  The staff was  amazing and helpful.
I got my eyebrows done and they're amazing !!! Great service and kind people !!!! Great prices!!!
If you like Spanish food then this is the place to go! The good is great and so was the service
Excellent food! It was very loud, and service was mediocre. The prime rib was absolutely delicious!
Best duck pancakes for brunch and I can't get enough of those Spanish fries.
Came here for the fall festival ... nice ball park and enjoyed the festival!
Good design. Clean, quiet stay.
First time going and I fell in love with the prices !! Lol  it's cheap but good quality !!
Everything was great tonight. We had Gyros, and appetizers. The music and ambiance was great.
Fantastic job on the food we had catered.  Thanks to the staff for all you did dinner was perfect
 
Pretty much the best place to get a morning bun that I can currently think of.
Great food.  Loved the service the guys are awesome. Enough in the serving to share with my wife.
Pretty much the gold standard for veal sandwiches. Delicious.
Changed my insurance over to State Farm. Eric James was so helpful and prices were awesome! :)
Great midday lunch. Nice atmosphere, great food, large menu selection.
Great place to take the family.  The pumpkin fest in the fall is great, a lot of fun for everyone.
Beautiful cafe with lots of enthused and interesting conversations in the back - a unique setting!
one of the best corn beef sand. i had. lots of gays and i love it
Amazing shopping experience here!  Nice people, reasonable airport prices, and great product mix!
Absolutely horrible! They don't even try to make sure what their serving good! Same as service.
Great food! Doesn't feel heavy and tastes fresh! Hit the spot and the Malta India drink soooo good!
Great place if you need youre boba tea fix. Always hits the spot.
Five stars for Russ. Straight and to the point with a clean cut. Good eye for what looks right.
Clean, friendly service and great specials for lunch and happy hour! Perfect sushi spot.
Good beer prices and cool patio. Just a bit too shaded in the late afternoon!
happy hour is awesome big fan of the fish tacos and blue cheese wedge !
The service was terrible and the "poached" eggs were soft-boiled by the time they reached the table.
Amazing smoked meat sandwiches!  Never disappointed and never can get enough! Definitely a must try!
This place is super close to my husband office. Very intimate and yummy. Great service
Outstanding group of Realtors who truly care about their clients!
Very satisfied, went here summer 2013. Food was nice well seasoned and spicy.
Food is always good, and the service is fantastic. The happy hour deals are awesome.
Love the family staff. They guided me to a very good selection. Very authentic Mexican.
Worst service ever.  Nice looking bar though.  Shitty area with bad signage so hard to find.
Bloom is awesome!!  I absolutely LOVE my lashes and Amber is amazing! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!
Fantastic show will come see it again. This was a great performance, raunchy and fun!
One of the better Cirque du Solei's.     The technology distracts from the story at times.
Great food, good atmosphere, just a little bit pretentious.
Decent pool for some relaxation. I like the way it's handled, the different areas and all.
Great place. Very friendly, great menu. Feels like a neighborhood restaurant. I will be returning!
Affordable, fast and friendly. I had an expectation, and they met it. Not much else to say :)
FABULOUS, great service from lovely ladies and delicious food!
Best pho in markham by far. service is great. definetly deserves more than 3.5 stars!
This place is delicious!  When in Vegas you must try this place.  Very friendly staff.
Outstanding!  My filet was cooked perfectly, great atmosphere.   I Highly recommend eating here!
Had two cats sick within a week of each other. The care was great, and the price was fair.
Great food. Lunch specials are nicely made too. Seafood don is the best. Korean owned.
The food is always good and the mimosa carafe a nice wash down for Sunday brunch.
BBQ pork sub rocks! I prefer it to Subway.
Not great.  Service is sub par. Not very friendly.  Food is mid line ok .....  Disappointing.
Very expensive, better chocolates can be found.  Not very friendly and not easy to work with.
Wasabi not super fresh but very good service and sushi was great!
Came here for a gel manicure I was in and out in less than an hour, Lily did a great job!
Defianately recommend. Excellent service, great sushi. One of the top dragon rolls I've had
Always helpful, perfect go to place whenever you need an alteration or even a tux or suit!
Plates are decent size for only $2 on the conveyor belt, tasty but heavy on the sauce.
Best Babaganoush & Flat Bread in Arizona. (Must buy bread in freezer section; babaganoush in deli)
Managed to snag a table on the patio to enjoy some drinks. Love the tequila and beer selection.
Great location with uptown within walking distance and parking for games are available and cheap.
Best Italian Hoagies around. Quick and priced well. I will be buying my hoagies from Bob's!
Awesome selection of beers :)   Expensive though!
Guy gave me discount on a chipped bong that wasnt even noticible first time good experience
This place is awesome. Not upscale or anything fancy. Just good food, big portions at a great price.
Excellent food, authentic menu, fast lunch service, very affordable, and friendly staff.
Had a great Reuben for dinner then game back for a Greek omelette for breakfast. I recommend both.
Over-priced breakfast that isn't even that good.  Otherwise, great location.
Decent pizza, great value. LOTS of screaming kids running around.
This is a Roberts but multiplied by 10. Besy Habanero hot sauce in vegas. Friendly and fast
Wow!  This place is great. Friendly staff and hundreds of flavors. I highly recommend the parfait!
Good stuff, Great staff! They have different flavors every day.
Great hangout and lounge spot! The olive plate appetizer was amazingly tasty ! Great wine selection
Very Clean and nice shop.  Do not carry PG free E-juice however.  I am not able to use PG E-Juice.
The worst McDonald's in town longest lines horrible service.......... my kids hate the place now
This place was a very pleasant surprise. A1 burger is so good and the service was amazing.
Writing this cause I'm stuck in line in drive thru, apparently you're closed early. Thanks.
Great laid back feel and phenomenal selection. Kind owners and awesome atmosphere. I'll be back.
great everything, but didn't have reservations, so "dropping in" not advised.
We went here for my friends birthday and everything tasted good, lots of vegas style deserts
Great customer service, very friendly, very affordable, good work. $40 for a mani/pedi!  :)
Good food at a very reasonable price! Love the all day happy hour. $10 buys 3 drinks!!
Good selection of craft brews and a knowledgeable set of bartenders to help you navigate them!
random confession #58239:  I daydream about their ropa vieja.
Been here multiple times, the food just keeps getting better! Flawless service and friendly staff!
Awesome nice low income caring clinic.The staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable.
Small place in Gilbert but holy sh** place is amazing. Sushi roku can't touch this place
Delicious pork belly and Mac&cheese with truffle oil. Will be back when I visit Montreal again
When they say no pink they should say burnt. Worst burger I've had. Burger was tough, fries are ok.
This place isn't open till 2am. They close at 12. Worst place to go too if u craving asian food
Fun retro vintage atmosphere and great Pizza and Beer. Customer service is okay.
The coffee is pretty great but what I love more is the vibe!  What a great place to start your day!
fun place to go dancing... different rooms with different music.
Such a yummy sandwich shop, very quick and open late (for those drunk nights).
Always great , and staff is nice and professional. Best rice in the world.come down and enjoy .
Really nice place to work, meet a friend, grab a nice coffee or fresh juice and snack.
This place was amazing! Great choices. Kind of expensive, but worth it for the experience.
Atmosphere is warm and welcoming, service is great, my ravioli was tasty though not warm enough.
Awesome mom and pop restaurant great friendly atmosphere. Huge portions!
ten23 woodbine steeles ok 
Recommended by Cody @ Ted Weins.  Great food & Kara was super! Thank you. Will definitely return.
A bit confusing to locate specific parts of the center, food court was small, but good overall.
2 things to order- Jakarta fried rice and hot and spicy chicken.
This was a good show. Very entertaining.
No
Just got my VW fixed. Professional service. Good price. Quality work. I am a very happy customer!
Tonkatsu Hachi Special is slurp+++
Grand VIEW - that just about sums it up. The only other thing worth mentioning is the price.
After living overseas and missing good Thai food I was surprised to find this little Hidden Gem.
I chose another Caterer but they were very helpful and responded to my inquiries in a timely manner.
Good service, very clean, and one of the best tasting bowls of Pho in the East Valley.
Pretty mediocre, fast delivery and friendly service. I would probably order from here again.
The Pizza is Awesome along with Service and the Delivery Drivers they are all so polite
This ice cream is about as good as it gets. The Spanish peanuts and tin roof is my favorite.
Great food, cozy ambience and a great owner! Ghost Pepper sauce was great! Can't say much else!
I can't believe how horrible they did. Felt so unwelcome also. No one said a word to me!!!
You cannot go wrong with this place. Great Italian food and you can even sit outside.
3rd time now that the coffee has been weak. Those little black things go in the coffee pot.
Delicious!! Super kind staff and speedy service. Everything on their menu is delicious.
Over priced, coffee is not as good as dunkin donuts .  E ven mcdonald's ,coffee is good
Friendly guys, added air to my tires for free! Would go back for more work.
My food was burnt, maybe ordered the wrong thing
Bland flavor, overcooked rice, dirty tables, and dirty walls.
Good we shop, great being open 24 hours. Handle little cafe which do double doubles!
Bonne atmosph re, bon sushi.
Bad...Can't belive they serve food COLD when it's hot dish. Would not recommend to anyone.
Horrible acustics, so loud inside. You can hear everyones conversations.  Good coffee though.
It smelled like heaven inside here.
Their pork bone soup is really good and served bubbling hot.  Service is usually really fast.
Love it!  Great food, prices, and service!!  Would recommend for dinein or takeout.
The staff at Beautiful Smiles is very professional and friendly. I will definitely be coming back!
Good food, a little pricey. It's always PACKED and honestly the food is not worth a 45 minute wait.
First timer.  "Grog" will get ya there on the alertness scale of 10!  Support local business!!
Service was horrible food was overcooked and overpriced. Make the trip to little italy.
K
Delicious Vegetable Lo Mein and Wonton Soup. Friendly staff.
Being gluten free I haven't tried much at Nad ge but their macarons are delicious and a good size!
Great shops, restaurants and a great place to people watch.
Very good food and a clean place i will go back soon love it! Sp m any choices of food.
Really great tacos, highly enjoyable experience...recommend this place for something different.
Nice waiter and good is really good!!!  Would come here regularly if I lived in Montreal.
Wonderful fresh food at great value.  Try the pho.
They have redeemed themselves! Better service this time! Great pizza!
Really enjoyed the show. The fire acts were incredible. The show really moved along nicely.
Awesome service always on time and my hair looks perfect!
That team is always doing their job well and the service price is very reasonable
Great venue, the tv screen is great seats are vomfyn washroom is clean. security is professional.
Nice kohl s however since we have Tanger outlets fairly close... Kohl s  have tough competition.
Took way too long to get the food.  Horrible service and not friendly staff. There was n
Great sushi rolls and Nigiri. The happy hour specials are great as well.
Operators being so rude. They didn't do anything. I'm so shocked.  Do not use this company!!!!!
Ok but nothing special. Ambience was like Applebee's. Food was bland.
Awesome food and service Also not a loud place...thats a big plus for me.
Great food. Great, hip environment. Love.
You have got to be kidding me right now. And this place is called "The Protein Source?"
It was amazing! Service is amazing and the price is reasonable! I will def come back for sure
Good food.  Authentically funny  people behind the counter.  Cheap.
Good won ton min but hardly any seats for big parties 6 or more.
Best place to go eat on a special occasions fried gator everyone needs to try it so delicious
Best chicken kabobs! And very reasonable prices! It's definitely a place to check out...
The salad was perfect, modest portions and speedy service.  Healthy & delicious !
Sooooo amazing!!! El pastor tacos with that green sauce mmmmmm.
Great food and friendly  service, try the combo plate meat.   Yogurt drink is a must .
I have been wearing Z-coils since 2004 and I love them and Lauren is amazing!!
A little bit more expensive than most ramen places, but he service and ramen is worth it!!!!
Not so good. Got very sick after eating the mahi mahi and macaroni salad.
We enjoyed it. Do the guided tour. You get a lot of information you would not normally get.
Horrible never knew customer service can be so bad. The red beans and rice was runny.
Great music out back. Dance off style.
No matter what I have ordered the meal is excellent. Especially like the salt river bars
Excellent as always. I tried the Chicken Vegetable Soup for the first time. Outstanding.
Great spot! Always full of friendly people.   Great hiking just up the road in Squaw Run, as well!
Wow this is a great place to get awesome tacos and birria de chivo.. So glad there on horizon ridge
Fixed menu was absolute delish, but the wait time between courses was painfully slow.
Best brunch and american food in town! You gotta try the French toast and pretzel bun burger!
The BEST!! Trust me when I say this place has the best customer service, sushi, and atmosphere.
Food so good, food delivery is always early, lunch specials are great and family dinners.
I had the most delicious Apple- Danish last Sunday, I can recommend this place to anyone.
Anthem Pediatric Dentistry is amazing with the kids. So patient
No line, no cover charge or dress code..  Great music. Drinks are expensive though...
I love their ice cream I mostly like the macadamia nut
Fantastic martinis!!
Awesome incredible and highly edible.  Very nice efficient service.  Great portions.  Yea!
Hot mess.  It's closing.  Thank goodness. Eew.  Enough said.
Nice atmosphere, great burger, server Alex was attentive....what more could you ask for!
Very good food! Great service! My favorite Thai restaurant in the Las Vegas/Henderson area!
This food is so Bomb it's unbelievable. I will definitely be visiting here again very soon.
Sabrosos tacos, quesadillas, sipes y mulas todo muy delicioso estuve cuatro dias y fui tres veces
Tried out roughly 10 coffee joints in Montreal and this place took the cake. Top notch coffee.
Price and quality beat any other nail salon i'be been to in the area! Bring cash for tips
WAY overpriced!!  Very snooty.  Hostess was one of the worst I've met. Not at all worth the money.
Excellente soirer service tr s bon la pintade excellente je le recommande ! Tr s belle endroit .
One of the best meals I've had in Charlotte so far. The mac and cheese was remarkable!
I got the BBQ Chicken Pizza. Very tasty. Root beer is good too. Quick service. I took it to go
I had a broken spring they came within an hour fixed it now it's perfect!
Awesome place! Great food and atmosphere. Come in and see Nash. He'll take good care of you.
Strange odor coming from bathroom . Other than that and the food was cold , not a bad place
Maybe they read their reviews.  No complaints, food is very good and staff is very friendly.
The Bain bridge store is excellent.  Amazing service, selection and new items to try.
Went there last week.  Hamburger tasted like it had a gallon of stale grease on it. Won't be back.
miss Jason, but Ben is awesome. Love Bicycle Sport
Love their simple flap jack can't go wrong with that tasty pancake
Big shooting outside this place last night - two or three people killed :( hope that it stays open.
Great food and service.  But I beg you, split your meal with your mate!   Portions are huge.
Burger was good but the truffle fries were a shame. It was overfried making it so hard to bite.
Andrea was the best server ever she took my order good no mistakes  Great job guys keep it up
Most amazing BRC EVER! Great food at this location. :)
Amazing just like it is in Texas!!! If you want the real deal come here! Ribs are my fav!
If only they served food. Love the beer selection and it's a great meeting space too.
Mrs White's Golden Rule Cafe- Was Great.
Great bagels always tastes like back home. NJ style  Always like coming here service is awesome!
Great place for everything Buffalo!!!  Heard they now serve beer as well!!!  Fast friendly service.
Yum! This hit the spot for some weary travelers. Beware very large portions and plan accordingly.
Great service, they know their stuff. Awesome prices. Ask for one of the Rays. He loves his wife!
I went to health care partners urgent care. staff was very friendly.  I did not wait long
FABULOUS FOOD!!!!! Unbelievable flavor and spices!!!!
It is so good if you like spicy dishes.     yelp 
A nice place to eat. Will come again.  Un bel endroit pour manger. Reviendra. Le service  tait bon.
Very disappointing in this location. Definitely does not live up to the Denny's I know
Love this place for breakfast, awesome omelets, huge portions and always great staff.
Refreshingly awesomeeee after a long day at EDC. I got the house iced coffee and added mocha jelly.
Good vibe, good location. I suggest iced Carmel latte but they also make other great drinks.
Great Service!!! We stopped in during lunch around 3pm treated like kings and queens!
Pricey but worth it! In obsessed with their Thai chili wings. Always fresh and flavorful.
REAL mexican food. Proper tacos. Been here about 15-20 times and it's good every time.
Dude answered the phone had attitude. Over charged us, pizza came a lil on the colder side.
their prawn ravioli was great. I liked the duck clubhouse and the tuna tart too.
Love the atmosphere, food and service. I wish they delivered.
Best AYCE in town! The interior is also super cute and the service is always on point.
Amazing fast delivery right to our hotel. A what a huge spread of food for a decent price!
I ordered an California club for to go and got burned bread and bacon!!!
Nice happy hour specials! Steak tacos were freaking amazing!!!
Reminds me of a rural Mexican home, very nice open space. I plan on coming back again someday soon.
Jeff is excellent, I highly recommend hiring him and will use him again in the future.
Awesome food. Great decor. Love it.
Can't wait until Cincinnati gets one... clean, quiet, and on-time. What more is there to say?
Food was great as was the service. Would definitely recommend patronizing this establishment.
really good taste!!!i love the smoothie so bad
Went for restaurant week...both had hanger steak....Layne's recommendation  (both it and her rocked)
I had ribs form other Logan's restaurants and don't like them, but this one is really really good.
The food and service was great.  Enjoyed the chicken piccata and Parmesan on several occasions.
Bad service and mediocore food.
best sushi in the east valley!  holy moly - this place is legit!
very tasty, nice staff, welcome to Fairview!
One of the best luxury hotels in Las Vegas. Great facility and great service.
Amazing chicken strips! Great fries! Avocado chicken sandwich is wonderful!  Fantastic shakes!
Very friendly and food is always done right and in a timely manner. Place is very clean
Food isreally good a latin fusion menu and the prices are great the dishes are fillin
They're simply amazing especially how Brianna is now manager i love her work as a bartender
Amazing BBQ at a great price. The selection includes everything you can imagine plus more.
Pricey, but very good, fast service. Food was fresh and tasted great! Worth going back.
Good food, especially for the price.  Servers were kind, though a bit loud in the restaurant
Very delicious. Gotta try the flan, melts in your mouth. Sangria was also very tasty.
Ramen was EXTREMELY salty I couldn't finish it. Felt like I grew a kidney stone from eating it.
Both locations have great BBQ, we go at least monthly never had a meal anything but delicious.
Love the Extreme Ultimate Vanilla Ice Blended drink. If you haven't gotten it, get it!
Tried this place because it was close to home.. The pho was just average. Nothing special
Staff is pleasant. I have found the food to be sub-par for the area and price. Good location.
Great food, easy for to go to eat in hotel room later. glad we tried it!
Good song selection! Reasonable price! Service is ok compared to other Chinese karaoke place.
Brenna is amazing!!  She made me totally comfortable and most importantly did not make me orange!!!
Great service, delicious food, fun atmosphere! So happy we found this place. Would highly recommend
Players is a great place for a burger. Really good food at a good price, and great service.
Perfect hole in the wall eatery. Prices are cheap, great service, and very good sandwiches.
Staff are awful rude ! Managers need to learn how to deal with customers !! This place stinks
Blood Mary's are The BEST!!!  Food was really good!!! Be sure to stop by, you won't be disappointed!
Delicious! I always get the chicken place sandwich with spicy fries, the price is not bad either.
Delicious, fresh fish and great service. Definitely my new go to sushi spot!
Tasty. Great apps. Decent priced food per portion. Drinks were a bit pricey. Will return.
I get all the help I needed in a speedy manner! Thanks for answering my questions today!
Quickly will become a Monroeville favorite.   Fresh made pizza from a family recipe.  We love it!!
Good quality, fast haircut. Great location near campus. $11 Tuesdays, $13.95 Men's otherwise.
came from out of state,  sat at the table for 10 min. and didn't even get seen. So we left.
Lovely Japanese cafe with yummy coffee and motcha green tea cheesecake. Mango slush was great
An amazing place to explore food.... Loved this place than any other greek restaurants.
Crowd at the palms sucks big time. avoid, head to much classier venues like Cesars or Bellagio.
This place is amazing. I've eaten there every week since discovering the hidden gem :)
Nice,  clean, classy place and very good job by Bella! Conveniently located. Highly recommended
Great bouncers, great prices, great customer service! We will definitely use their services again.
We picked up our new puppy today and couldn't be happier. The staff is helpful and friendly.
The pizza "looks" good, but the crust was very dry - barely edible.  The mighty have fallen.
July 3 2016  Waiting outside for 30 min  Nothing as promised  Fireworks - where are you ?!?!!!!???
The place is very nice and Original . The food is tasty and they are generous with portions.
Great place for reasonably authentic chinese food in Vegas. Try the hainanese chicken.
Thank you for my work related biometric screening! Very fast and friendly.
Bulk candy and expensive toilet paper............
Fun! Super silly fun! I highly recommend for a girls night out.
I went on Saturday to buy a pie. And Croshaw's was out of buisness. What happen ?
Great service. Food network quality dishes.
I LOVED this place, Unfortunately, the Coachman's Inn on Eastern closed the other week. :(
This place is great. Quiet, clean and super quick. And the prices are in unbelievably low.
Pretty bomb! 2 slices and a large drink for 5 $ not bad. great pizza... check it out brahz
Salmon is wonderful and the bartender is adorable!!! Beautiful atmosphere, will come back
That is a solid menu and a great local spot...
J'ai ador  mon exp rience! Le menu est tr s vari  et l'ambiance est charmante.
Stek and cheese sub was fine. The lack of seating is abysmal. Restrooms not avail-that's a first.
Patty, Carol and Windy are awesome bartenders-friendly and make awesome drinks!
Classy place, great customer service. Make reservations ahead of time and go on a weekday.
One of the best BBQ places in town.   One of our favorite places to get pulled pork and brisket.
Overpriced small sushi and short staffed causing long wait. Food wasn't anything special.
First experience here. The guacamole was awesome! I had the seafood enchilada and it was amazing!
Amazing huevos rancheros. Possibly the best I've ever had. Definitely going back in the near future.
You can't connect to the Wi-Fi 90% of the time when you stay at the hotel. It was very frustrated.
Bavette, tartar, et risotto tres ordinaire   Les entr es sont bonne: foie gras, hu tre
The atmosphere was lovely and the chocolate mousse was decadent and satisfying!
Def. a fun experience for downtown. Great bands.
Get the Pot de Creme. Do it. JUST DO IT! You will thank the dessert gods.  That is all.
My favorite pizza spot. I love pizza! Great location too.
Friendly staff and great hours! Quick and easy, painless. I love the the mystic dark spray tan!
Starbucks is Great!  The staff and service at this location is outstanding!
I love my hair cut  super comfortable place and veru friendly staff. Nafisa is my person to go to!!
sage fried chicken and waffles.  there is bacon INSIDE the waffles.  heart attack.  i die.
Fun Louisiana backyard seafood boil plus great fried seafood baskets. Tasty.
Burger was really good....expensive but good. The truffle fries were also pretty good.
spa is beautiful ............. I like manicure and pedicure now
Love it. Great basic deli sammys and great meat at great prices. Friendly and fast service.
I love pacific sea food!! My favorite are the frog legs!! We will definitely go back sometime soon.
GROSS! What a waste of $20! If you're looking for a good burger... this is NOT the place!
Breakfast burrito w/ chicken sausage and kombucha or breakfast buzz.  Order it.  You're welcome.
hands down the best chinese seafood buffet - salt and pepper shrimp and kalbi short ribs
Beautiful relaxing outdoor dining area.   Great service, good food.
Good food and and fun dimmed light. My favourite dish would probably be the wild mushroom pasta.
I LOOOVE this office! Dr Wurm is the best. Literally couldn't ask for a better gynecologist.
Best falafel spot!! Will be back again. Portions are huge, falafels fresh, and service is great!
Muy buen servicio Dinora es muy amable. Muy buenos precios. El lugar es grande y limpio.
Just picked up my custom boards. Amazing! Great craftsmanship. Thank you AZ board source
Horrible gel manicures. I had 4 nails completely peel off in less than a week
Great place loved the pulled pork,  really friendly I will be going back
Wonderful service, great cup of coffee.  Family owned small business.
Love their Grilled Chicken Burritos!!!! Excellent and always hot and fresh!
Amazing, really cheap. Everything we ate was delicious, especially the pav bhaji & chole bature.
I like this place - breakfast is good, lunch too. Reasonable, good service and solid food.
I'll keep it short and sweet - this is by far the BEST shuttle service between U of I and Chicago!
Pretty good food. I used to come here a lot 5 years ago.  I still think PT's has better wings.
Most of the time I'm please with my services I get here. My favorite person for pedicures is Hannah.
Amazing food, ate here three times in my las vegas stay, it was that good.
#1 body shop in Las Vegas! Best service, best price, fastest service. VIP experience!
Good meal for a good price.  Staff was extremely polite and I liked the spacious interior.
The drinks and food were great. The pretzel and cheese fondue was amazing.
Sushi is average. Service is ok. This is the closest sushi restaurant in my working area.
Great shopping center, I love living so close to here!
Loved the scallop special and pumpkin cornbread dessert served up with flair by Chris Little!
Chef seems to not understand the general difference between pasta and gnocchi.
Kayla was great ! cooks were great ! service fast. Had BLT  and wings and Quesadila awesome
Love the duck and waffle. It is my go to and my favourite full eggless meal. Plus the staff are ace.
This is probably my favorite Mexican food place in the area. Has a very "family" feel
Love the farmer's market on any day of the year! Such a wonderful part of living here in Madison :)
I come here a lot and I love it.  The cocktails are good and the place is cozy and clean ; )
From a chef's point of view was not impressed, food was bland and sauce was not so good.
Good solid food and Matt was a great server.  The kids menu was the best I've ever seen.
Great staff, great food. I get takeout from WD at least once a week.
Outstanding service, excellent food, as usual. I love this new location! Vera was a pleasure!
Great non traditional Mexican food. Awesome margaritas, the jalape o Margarita is my favorite!
Great person, you will love David and his staff
Clean, friendly, good prices, great homemade food. Much love to the Gyro Omelet!
Posted by accident. Never been to this store. I made a mistake. I thought I was rating DSW
Copper star has the best chai tea lattes, and they don't charge extra for soy milk.
Very nice people, and fast service. Fixed our A/C for literally a third the price of our dealership.
terrible, immature and rude service.  unfortunately.  very disappointing.  food average.
Excellent food in a casual setting! Everyone was very friendly and great location in Summerlin!
Amazing food, fantastic service, great decor and super cute patio...highly recommended!!!
still a big fan, wonderful pizza!!! -- Remember to join their birthday club!!!-
Two things you can always count on here, great coffee and a smile from the staff.
I have only been completely satisfied by my experiences here.  Great place.
Pretty much the same thing as Schwartz but with better seating area and more menu options
Check out the wine in the evenings! A nice Prosecco and some small plates! Who knew?
Awesome staff and pricing family owned shop with great customer service. Highly recommended
Always get great food here. Top quality beef, with fresh vegetables.. Love this fusion food!!!
Good spot, off the Strip, to catch a movie.
Wings are good, Mango Habenero is a great combination of sweet and hot. The beer is always cold
Great service, cheerful atmosphere. Food was served very quickly and tasted great.   G
The breakfast buffet was good. It's not really fair to rate the rest. The place is nice - try it.
Samantha & Mary are BOTH Superb Master Injectors ! I Highly recommend these skilled  artistic women!
Fantastic food, atmosphere and staff. I visit on a weekly basis and am always satisfied.
Best Indian food in Arizona!  Great service, beautiful restaurant, fresh authentic food!
*Update.  Several visits later and I'm convinced that these guys are good! Five stars all the way
Great Mexican food!! So fresh and the flavor is great! Must try for authentic Mexican food.
Ordered 2 littermaids from Amazon today. 89.99 as advertised.
I loved this place. I had amazing Nachos and a free margarita for checking in on yelp!
It's PBS ... basically the only thing worth watching ... big ups for The News Hour
Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner you can't go wrong at The Liberty Market!!!
Great food, great energy, great company.  Love the Korean BBQ here!!
10+ years with National. Always a smooth, friendly, helpful and fast process.
I have nothing nice to say. Total rip off. Slimey. Ruthless. Absolutley disgusting. Never shop here.
Quick accurate diagnosis at a very reasonable price! I will be returning for future computer issues.
Varied menu but a little bit limited selection, and good atmosphere.  Fresh farm to table. Good bar.
Ordered a farmhouse burger and took an hour and 20 mins to get it to my table. Never coming back
close to the airport, and the food is fantastic.  @ruggynyc you have to eat here!
Lola is OUTSTANDING! By far the best coffee, the best baristas, and best atmosphere on the planet.
Great gas and it's super quick to refuel. I don't like to take to much time at the pump.
Great meatballs. Assorted butters accompanying bread were a plus.   Recommended: veal chops
Staff was friendly and prompt. The food was good and nice atmosphere.  Will be back in the future.
Great job by Lisa at Best Nails!! Love my nails and design. Ask for Lisa she's great  Thanks Lisa
A perfect gelato to have I tried the chocolate flavor and it was perfect and so yummy
Very cool cafe. Had lots of fun playing games. The meat lover pizza was good aswell :)
Great, fantastic, amazing pizza!  The croissants are delish too.
Good food, great prices and fast delivery! Perfect snowy Sunday night dinner.
Great food, clean restaurant, friendly service - this place is a hidden gem close to downtown!
I'm going to make this short and sweet.   Not impressed.
Where have you gone? I swear while passing by last week that your shop has closed?!? NOOOOOO!!!
Best in town Tres leches. We will be back again and again! Can't wait to try other items.
Really surprised at how good the food was. Best nachos I've ever had. Wonderful decor and location.
Well organized, has a Starbuck's.  'Nuff said.
Very competent staff, doctors and fair prices. What more could you ask?
Love this place. Tonya and I enjoyed the food, vibe, aesthetics, and the host Sylvia! Easy 5 star!
Lovely people and a great pedicure for a fantastic price!
Champ was very helpful in figuring out how to print the flyers I needed for my wedding
Great people! Great Vet! They took care of me and my special dog Freckles! Love them!
Bed bugs and no response from management after being notified. Stay away.  Grim area as well.
Always pleasant and have amazing crave-worthy oven made pizza! Very sophisticated vibe.
I trust this company with my business accounting. Service is always quick and friendly.
I was extremely delighted with my experience at Milo's this morning, the staff is wonderful!
Loved it! Lots of fun! The staff knows how to have a good time! The instructor was very good!
One of the best burgers I've ever had with handmade ketchup to go with your fries. Mic drop.
Service was horrible. Took forever to get a server. Wings were undercooked. Won't come back
Best pizza crust in town. Wish they would do half toppings or have more size options.
Hop Slam and truffle fries... That is all that needs to said.  Love the sweet potato fries too.
Un des meilleurs bol d'a ai   Montr al. Ils ont m me des bols de dragon fruit, tr s exotic!
Best burritos in Toronto and the GTA by far.  I eat here almost once a week.  Enough said!
Music too loud , baklaba to sweet, food and service great.
This is a great show. I like the pyrotechnics. The family dined like kings at Windsor.
Great beer.  Great venue.  Attentive and hard working servers.  One of the best in PA
Went here for dinner and really enjoyed it.
Tried their chicken and mussel which were amazing. Bread was delicious. Service was ok.
Good selection, good prices... definitely a place to check out next time i'm around and hungry... :)
A shopper's delight, from designer to basic gap.
went to watch a game with friends. service was awful. food was worse. will never go back.
No breakfast. I guess chili will work. Argh...
Nothing beats biting into a wing to find it still pink/raw in the middle. Disgusting place.
This place is great Asian fusion but the line to get in is too long and they only take cash.  :(
Great Sushi! Bring friends, Chef has over 30 years of experience! Highly recommended!
Great work!
just ok.  if you want to shop big, go to decatur store.
The location, music, drinks and food were all amazing! Can't wait to come back!
The food was great, cocktails were well crafted and the staff was so warm and friendly!
I love this mall, great shopping good parking awesome place!
Awesome Sandwhich! 17inch combo is a great deal! Very friendly staff and nice place to grab a bite.
Move over fresh! This place is taken over! Friends whenever you want to do a lunch date! I'm there!
Not very impressed with the Pad Thai, funny after taste.. Can't ever go wrong with Thai Smile
Everything was good except you have to ask for refills for your fountain drinks and it's too pricy.
First time coming here and won't be the last, the food was yummy and the service was great.
Love this spot. The whole menu is solid and it's always good, every time. Worth a visit, for sure.
This place is very classy, the wait staff is top notch and the atmosphere is very cool and inviting.
The best sushi and service.   Tucked away in a strip mall and inconspicuous but really authentic!
Great blow out for event. She's super nice, in time and does a great job. Good location too.
Jake is the best, does awesome work, lines are straight work is clean. Plus nice friendly people.
If you want good food and not half assed service go across the street to the Town Tavern
Great service! Delivered to our office and everyone loved their original sandwich! Thank you :)
The cashier was a straight up bitch !!!! Food was ok, but customer service was horrible
Have been here twice.  Food is good.  Just think its a bit overpriced
We had an awesome lunch at the office courtesy of Sushi Yamaguchi...food was great!
Excellent food especially the desert, the chief cooks in front you! Scrumptious!
   Link Hotel     4 &  2  !!  
I got sick for three days after eating here and they refused to give us our money back.
Slow service, took 5 minutes just to take my order and another 10 to get my drink in the drive thru
Been there 3 or 4 times the last couple years. Service is REALLY SLOW!! I have no plans to return!
The rudest bar maid EVER, $20 ALL you can drink is only good if you like rude people....
Latin Soul Food  Super tender meat and loaded with flavor  My go to place from now on!
One of the most popular places to play poker.  Always a game going here.
best lengua!  Beef Tounge Tacos to DIE FOR... Best in WEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great food, fresh and favorable.  Service was fast and attentive.  Definitely going back!
The 10 percent off coupon at check in was not honored so that was not cool. Food was good
Loved it all!!  Took awhile to sit down but the food and service was worth the hour wait.
Burgers, great! Drinks, amazing! Lindsey, wonderful! Highly recommend. Great atmosphere.
Delicious food and great prices. We come here very regularly and always enjoy ourselves to no end.
Breakfast  OJ is watered down. Nice staff Gorgeous bathrooms Food was decent
The service took forever and we waited an hour for a single dish. Avoid at all cost.
Best coffee in Southern Nevada!  By the way the wait staff is RAD and efficient.
Just discovered this cafe today. Excellent food, good prices, great atmosphere. I'll be back.
Southern scramble was very tasty! I'll be doing this at home now. Grits were buttery. Great service!
All the employees are awesome. This location is one of my favorites. Amazing quality of flower.
Great craft beer! Local crowd pleaser. Fun place with great people! I would recommend to anyone
Pretty chill spot. No fee, just a place to relax, people watch and dance.
I love this place! The cheese curds and soft pretzels are amazing:) the wings are pretty good too.
Best location and sunsets on the lake!
Good food, enjoyed every dish we ordered. Best was  crazy volcano.... Followed by Rainbow roll...
Such a nice restaurant. A little expensive but u have good quality food with great service
Delicious food. Amazing tacos and super fresh guacamole. Great drinks. Reasonable prices.
Great atmosphere and not as crowded as unionville coffee shops can be. Staff have always been great.
There are so many better choices in the local area.  The food is bland and the service is slow.
Great food and wonderful staff! Bartender is always attentive and friendly!
Name matches the place.  Quick car wash, and free vacuums (which are really sucky! - in a good way)
Delicious meal! Omg. Their fries are so perfectly done. Friendly staff and good prices.
Food was really flavorful. I had the churrasco, it was nice size portion I couldn't finish it all.
I an a Toronto Blue Jays Fan!  They will get 4 stars once they get into the play offs.
No jackpot hands! But nice size table room.
Great store for all things Lego. All Present Lego sets are available at store. Great service.
really good food, awesome prices, great ambiance and really nice customer service.
The food was really good and Dooby was very nice to talk to. Too bad the restaurant is closed.
New location looking for workers - but were friendly enough and of course best donuts!
Good movie experience ...and then they charged $6 for a cup of tap water... Disgusting
Best corned beef sandwiches and the wings are excellent next time I go I want to try a sub and fish
Surprisingly casual and terrific food.
Carne Asada Chimichanga  excellent. Flavor on point, polite service and seasoned well. Will be back.
Excellent.!!!  Service and food were just perfect. Old European style table side prep.
Everything I've had here is delicious. Price point is a little expensive, but I really like it here.
The singers were great but the venue was awful. Show was a bit boring...
I like the location so convinent and the staff has always been polite and dutyful. Thanks very much
Customer service is shit! Just like the rest of their locations................................
Authentic Hunan dishes. This is a place you definitely should go if you like spicy food.
Really good pizza and garlic bread. The chicken alfredo is good also. Good happy hour specials.
Though the seating is tight and service can be a little iffy, the food is awesome!
Nail tech did a decent job, she was too gentle though and the place was very hot!
Enjoyed shopping at mehoi- original &whimsical character goods that make your heart happy!
Awesome Food. Great Service. Definitely would recommend for Authentic Indian food in a classy style
Amazing food service ambiance and wine selection i will def. 100% come back !
Good food! good fun! Shout out to the ladies jumping rope late hours!
Small, smelly, and an embarrassment for a SkyClub.
Awesome option if you want your cow to be slaughtered when you sit down & wait a day & a half
Can't review the food but I've stopped in a couple times for my Thai tea.
Awesome place.  Julie did an excellent job on my nails.  Definitely will be coming back.
This is the best hair cut I have ever had the staff is very friendly and do a great job.
Chris W was a fantastic waiter. The dude killed it. Would come back and ask for his service.
The shrimp, grits w/ scrambled egg is winning!  And the sweet tea carafe is southern treat!
Always great customer service and delicious food! My favorite is smoke in a bowl. Yum!!
mmmm tortillas
Way over priced for wings only received 3 and they weren't anything special. Pricey for the area.
This place is a meat market.  Not a judgement. Just callin' it like I see it.
Came here with a friend she got sick with spoiled salmon. Never coming back place looks dirty..
Great place for a snack. Priced well, good choices, and they come check on you! Great service!
Great food awsome customer service! I would recommend everyone to come and try them out
This location of Verizon gave me the customer service experience equivalent  of a car wreck.
The buffet is just ok. I may not go during my next visit, but don't regret going either.
17.95 lunch and late night worth!!! Bulgogi nachos are lit!rice, lit, salad lit, water lit
Love the food, love the architecture. Great staff, huge portions.  Very good prices
Love being able to watch a movie or gamble all in same casino
This place does an awsome job. Always see managers going above and beyond to help customers
Made my morning with amazing latte and delish sandwich - cute latte art made morning so much better
Excellent food and good value for portion size.   Nice place. Sometimes very busy. Limited seating
great service, fast reliable, Jeff is kind and team is prompt
They need to work on freshness , presentation and company standard but still a taste of home
Amazing.  Can't beat this place.  Next time, I'm bringing a pot.
Chris did an amazing job on out tile floors! I highly recommend him!
Excellent shooting range, the staff was very friendly and knowledgable!
We love this place.   BEST lasagna in town!!!  Staff are friendly.  Food is always good.
Amazing inventive food, Great wine and cocktails, really fun quirky environment. My fav!
wonderful customer service !!! very pleasant staff , quite accommodating ! my new dentist office !!
Order one of everything, I insist. Worry about the pocket change later. You're welcome, in advance.
espresso drinks were good and almond croissant was awesome. Coming back soon!
Another great pizza gone away The Italian feel and taste is no longer at the Concord Mills location
Good atmosphere and tasty options. Good service and full bar. Nice addition to gilbert.
Amazing food.  The souvlaki dinner is huge and the home made tzatziki is so good!
Large serving portions, great food and excellent service!  I highly recommend this little diner!
Superb photography studio! Their work is top notch, I highly recommend F-Sequence photography.
Awesome food Fair price Lots of food Will come back again Friendly server Happy to have eaten here
get your vip tour now had too much fun great host clubs and booze drink specials at every club....
The better Cirque du soleil in Vegas. Pretty cool.
Hidden Gem! I absolutely loved this place! Great service and amazing desserts!
These guys kick KBBQ ass. Mad tasty. I wish that I knew enough Korean to be able to say "Word, son."
Great place with fun atmosphere near the Linq.  Pasta was excellent and great craft beers on tap.
Was the best breakfast and hotel we have been to in awhile!!! Definitely recommend!!!
It's good. I try other brand too, but the taste of chat time is more stable, and more tapioca
LOVED Bad Water, but they have unfortunately sold the business and are no longer open
The paella, sangria & awesome patio seat with a view of the park & Market Street
This steak 44 is definitely a great place for dinner. Probably one of the best steaks i have had
Clean, quick service, and great people!!! And most importantly, my nails look fantastic every time!
Great cigar and waitress , pappy 10 year and great service , one of my favourite places in Vegas!!
Stopped by for a takeout noodle dish, rice noodles with shredded duck.  Too salty and greasy.
poor customer service. Poor education of staff members
Love the crew at this location!  Awesome drinks, awesome service!  =)
Had a great experience here. We tried the massive 100oz cocktail and it was really good.
Skyler is great. Awesome attitude, high energy. Great atmosphere.
Cevapi. Everyone has to try them and will get a need to come back here every week. Love this place!
Hands down a great lil joint! Gotta get the guac, staff is awesome, way cozy and great food!
The food was excellent, I am new to the area and it's nice to have this kind of cuisine nearby.
Bland food. Very late service. Gave one rating coz it wouldnt let me give a zero rating.
Delish! Love the nachos & burgers plus a great beer selection.
Fantastic food.  Decent service.  The location leaves something to be desired.
Amazing beers, can't wait for them to start bottling. Kaitlyn behind the bar was awesome!
Not as many flavors as the big yogurt places but cute little place with lovely workers!
Tiffany Cleaners, best in Las Vegas..convenient location for drop off and pick up.  Always friendly
Great restaurant with long waiting time. Fantastic sauce. However, eating time is always limited.
Excellent service and great food!!! We have been on multiple occasions and each time very impressed
These $1.00 ice cream cones and hot dogs for $0.75  are excellent. Oh and the furniture is nice too.
Good drinks, but the food was marginally good. It was very loud as well. Great lighting, though.
Food is always mediocre but affordable. Service was a bit slow.
This location is now closed!  Went down with a package yesterday afternoon and the place is empty.
Egg, bacon, & ham waffle sandwhich... nuff said!
Disgusting. Subpar food cuisine unknown. Service is fantastic but the food is terrible.
Meat is ok.  Value is great.  The shortribs are really bad quality, but everything else is ok.
Kellie was friendly and professional  My car was finished a day early and looked great
I ordered the spicy salmon roll, I really enjoyed it. The only bad thing is that it is a bit pricey.
Duck curry is really good although expensive ($22). Nice place to have a nice experience.
Do not rent here the rates are high,they raise rates all the time .Do not fall for 6 month special.
Food is good~ A little bit expensive though.
We got the French toast and three eggs Benedict. They were really good! Place is also v cute
Located in an open area within a small mall. Went to dim sum and it was just average.
LOVE this place! Super friendly staff and super good food. Such a good time and dog friendly!
Great vegetarian dishes and can customize to your dietary needs.  Definitely worth a try.
Worst experience I have ever had... Chicken Teriyaki? Nah.. nasty food, bad service.
Best Mexican restaurant here in Vegas! Always satisfying. Great food and great service.
High priced, average food and below average service.  Have not rushed back here,
The best americano going and the edibles are great! Always good service and welcoming environment.
Good For kids With lots of Interactive Exhibits. Free on Sundays. A bit dull.
Best Indian I've had in the valley. Lunch buffet is outstanding. I'll definitely be back.
The price was good and the drop off/pick up were easy but the table we rented had salsa on it.
my favourite dining spot in Vegas. great tapas and friendly service. Amazing  sangria.
Delicious food, but overpriced for what you get. Also bummed they do not offer military discounts.
I could tell the beef was good quality but they could've still added just a little salt and pepper.
Fast service, very gentle. Great Job.
Great pizze. Very small place but perfect for a quick take out. Bang for your buck for sure.
One of the best Afghani food I took in Toronto. The prices are lower than other same restaurants.
Good food. Great prices. Fast service. Clean. Friendly employees. Reliable free wifi.
Good but a little pricey for the quality of the food. Atmosphere good.
Baja Fresh is open under new ownership. Having grand opening on Thursday 9th November.
What great service. I will buy my next pair of shoes from this place. In one word, Amazing.
Awesome food and staff is friendly.  Nice place to hang out before going to the Art Museum.
I've seen two shows here. it's clean and the workers are friendly. it's a small place.
reasonable prize, gave good inputs regarding my yard, honest and hard working guy
They did a great job on our cleaning up our yard. Excellent service and the price was great.
Takes about 20 minutes to check bag....if you want a deal...go through southwest. Absolute headache.
Shrimp was great.. Crawfish were small.. Overall food was good.. Try the medium spice.. It is hot..
Fabulous food, great house wine, great service, friendly Italian speaking environment! We are wowed!
Super tasty served by a friendly staff. Great for lunch, especially when you're in a rush.
Love  Rose the owner and Trish she is the best, you won't be disappointed....
The rice is way over cooked it's mush ruins the sushi!  Very bad!  Other than that,very friendly.
Great food and service. Steak cooked perfectly. Overpriced food and wine but always consistent.
Best Fried Chicken I've had outside of the south. Brunch was fantastic.
I really liked the prime rib from this place. Its definitely a pricey place but well worth it.
Good eats. Pizza can be a bit greasy, but we have visited multiple times.
Delicious delicious delicious! Shrimp is always plump and service is always friendly and attentive.
Purchased Sat tickets, Great experience as always. Lots to see and eat.
I had lunch here, highly recommend their spicy boiled fish. Good decoration and friendly crew.
Awesome!! Friendly, attentive and professional. Uncle Eddie did a great job on my custom tattoo.
The salmon burger is amazing!! Lovely space good lighting great music absolutely recommended!
Affordable and Fun! The kids had a blast and loved the plinko machine. Won 2 free games!
Their iced tea is amazing! Many flavor options at a great price, make sure to add an orange slice!
The best meat shop in York region. I love their brisket and steak sandwich, so delicious
Delicious food! Tons of gluten free options. The Greek salad is amazing and so is the falafel.
Family owned, Quality workmanship, could not be a better ran shop. Would reccomend them to anyone!
2 hours for an oil change ... with an appointment and sitting in the waiting room super fun !!
Good prices on food and drinks. Friendly staff. Nice decor. My only grudge is they had no cider.
Really needs attention from its Chef owner. What happened?
Great pizza. Got ready in like 8 minutes! Friendly customer service.
I love this store the flower shop is the best l shop here daily and the employees are very nice
Great place, there's no substitute for quality! Quick and efficient,  usually packed on stephanie!
Cool vibe and delicious food at a good price! We went there for brunch and really enjoyed it!
Very cute diner with pleasant service inside a casino. A must try if you're in the area!
Dr. Phil is compassionate and insightful. I trust him completely and highly recommend him!
Very greasy food, fries tastes gross and my fish was marinated in grease. No thank you. ...
Great food wine and ambiance. We had a great time and experience. Will definitely return
Cheap and pretty cheerful. Tasty and hot dim sum with no carts which I think is a good thing.
So good!! O love how this place is decorated too!!! Right down the street from my house too!!!!!!
Don't recommend at all people have the worst attitude when taking care of the customers.
WORST buffet on the Vegas Strip.     'Nuf said
Place is closed. Just got here. 7/29/15. Nothing on yelp signified that it had been long closed.
Coconut fried rice was a first and pretty good. Really nice decor and service
Great service, open wheelchair  accessibility also. 2 thumbs up
I love the coffees but $6-7$ for a latte is very very pricey and it's for their small size.
Charlie did a great job on my nails! Julie did great on my eyebrows too! Will definitely return.
Such a huge variety of things here from fresh organic eggs to fancy pants chocolates.  Must do!
Awesome. Very helpful. Did a Borla muffler on a 2017 Colorado ZR2 and it sounds great.
risotto is like baby food!
Does anyone have an email or phone number for this place?  The number on here is not correct
I called to ask for some information about the restaurant and all I know is i'll never come in here
Best Chinese. Great price. Won't even go anywhere else for Chinese after having China One
great breakfasts and great italian food. highly recommend
Love this restaurant ! If you're looking for good Mexican food this is definitely the place .
Solid Mexican food, good drinks, nice location
Service sucks, confusing to order and pay, food has no flavor, I will never come back.
Came here for a birthday dinner. Wings were yummy but small. The place was nice but a bit loud.
duck fat fries, venison and elk sausage were AMAZING... go here you won't be disappointed
They are NOT closed they have MOVED. See address above on Warner road now.
Always great, my favorite mexican food restaurant! Great food, great service, great margaritas!
jewish sliders and all the breakfast are great
It was dusty and the food was terrible. There are much better restaurants nearby for the same $!
Did not even get a simple drive-through order correct. Awful. I will never go there again.
Delicious Food! Fabulous server (Allison). Wonderful attention to detail--we all loved our entrees.
My husband bought me my first purse. Well worth the cost and the service was top notch.
Pizza is great. Delivery times were a bit slow. Overall its pizza, they deliver, and it tastes good.
Very delicious food here!, try the Bacon Wrapped Chicken Breast, OMG!
I love it !! Food was good .. but I need more variety pls put in more different food.
Great experience with PCC. Big fan of how you can use your phone as a ticket!
I love Someburros! Chips and salsa! Red chili cheese crisp. Can't beat the convenience and price.
This place is cool.  No frills.   Just good burgers and cold root beer suits me fine!
Best tacos in vegas and perhaps on the west coast! Def must have but lines are long.
When my friend had took me here to eat lunch, I fell in love with subsandwich. I love it
Awesome staff, The is food is the best! Amber and Sadie are great! I'll be coming here more often.
best lunch buffet in town. only $10. my favorite place.
Great view; mediocre  food. What can I say? Bartender is decent.
Service is always terribly slow. Pizza is mediocre. Never wear heels- super slippery floor!
my favorite place for good food and great beer!!!!
Great service every time we go. Classic, thin crust pizza just like what you get in Naples.
Small gym, but they have the equipment and classes to meet my needs.
This place was great! Super friendly and had gluten free options! And they make a bomb cappuccino!
Yummy food for the price! Try the Savory Spinach. :)
Wow, really really bad food... even for an airport...
great pho , boba :) and vermicelli .. awesome !
Nice atmosphere. Really clean. First time doing a true Vegan restaurant.
This place is amazing and very underrated. Great food, great service, breezy space, it's perfect.
Typical buffet food with sushi.
The service is great and food is on point. Portions are courteous. I Highly recommend.
Pretty weak lunch...calamari salad was tough, cheap Chinese crap, crab dip was edible
Poolside bar and grill. Great fish tacos. Yummy drinks. Overlooking the Venetian pool.
went on date night, portions are small, but food is soooo good! very trendy hipster vibe-
Their cuatro taco deal is my favorite item, fantastic Asada. Their burritos are also very tasty
Not that good, it was too pricey. I rather go to texas boulder or even santafe station buffet
Excellent, polite and fast service. Staff is extremely friendly. Food is ok, not extraordinary
My family's go to spot for great BBQ. Friendly staff and great food. Get the brisket sandwich.
Some of the best pizza around the Pittsburgh area. Definitely worth a trip.
Delicious food. We loved the hummus and chicken. And great service too!  Best homemade pita bread
Peanut Butter Burger.  An event of world-historical importance.
If you love fries, cheese and gravy this location is a MUST.   Be prepared. You will leave stuffed!!
Woooooo beavers choice!!! We havent even had the food yet but this place is totally awesome!!!
Good food ,very busy place hard to get a table not a good ambiance
Very classy, great food, friendly service. Attentive and great prices...
Best club for hip hop.  Good DJ and decent bottle service.  Nice employees but caters to tourist.
Awesome food and excellent service, waiter had great menu knowledge.  Get the bison ribeye!
Super fast like nascar fast! Changed our two tires in less than five mins. Thank you!!
Petit choix de menu, mais c' tait vraiment bon. C'est certain que j'y retourne.
Awesome! Great selection and fun atmosphere.  I come here all the time.  Keep up the good work!
Best burritos and nachos ever! Clean environment and prompt service customer service is excellent!
Food was delicious! Portions were huge! Service was alright.
Top notch, from check in to discharge.  Great job, highly recommended!
The taste is normal and the price is not expensive. Just for filling the stomach.
Delicious coffee and great atmosphere! I didn't try any food but will definitely on my next trip.
New owners.  Ouch!!   What happened??  Place not as busy as it used to be.  Food is just ok now.
This morning the line was short and fSt and always smiling employees to help. Got TSA pre-today yeah
Very friendly individuals.. They offer a variety of products and there location is awesome..
Staff was friendly, pizza was alright. Like the concept. Will try different pizza next time
They patched my tire quickly, efficient and for free. Very nice and pleasant. Very impressed.
Jerry was the best server!!! He was so nice. Food was excellent. The margarita flight was awesome.
Good food. Fast service. Bocktown sauce taste delicious.  Clean restaurant
Best buffet!  HUGE variety.  Love the unlimited yummy crab legs!
Great store. Definitely nicer looking than other locations nearby. Try the gummy bears.
What I tried I liked - a lot....  Looking forward to being in the area so that I can pop in again!
goldiggers everywhere, place smells like smoke, no class  just no
Excelente comida, muy sana, el lugar muy aseado, excelente atenci n, super recomendado chef Pedro.
Make sure you have a half hour before ordering here! Wow. In an airport and only four in line.
They Fix everything in a timely matter, and the apartments are nice.
I love Cirque du Soleil. Mystere was fantastic show.
I will give this 2 but then being niceOK 3 MAX. Ordered soup super salty.  And chicken was rubbery
This place is fabulous, food, entertainment and service if fantastic! Sangria is a must try!
Great, lots of food and staff was very friendly.
Amazing company... fast reliable... honest and spot on perfection!!! Thank you Mike...
The food really wasn't good when I went.  I can get a better meal at Panda for less money.
They need a new person taking the orders over the phone. So rude I cancelled our order.
Great food, service, and atmosphere. The beer-fried cheese was phenomenal.
Nothing special, but really nice patio. Maybe worth a try when the weather cools down.
Way way way over prices drinks. Like ridiculously over priced. And the tables all wobble..
Wow, spicy pork = Mexican shawerma incredible, best tacos I've ever had no competition.
Convenient location, great vibes!
Incredible burger. A must try, and once you do you will be a repeat customer!
Awesome ambiance and good food with live entertainment. Great for dates!  Food is healthy and tasty.
Very good Pho, only reason for 4 stars is because service can be slightly slow during a lunch break.
Best Mexican food by far anywhere in the Vegas valley! Always great service and great food!
Liquidator ? check there pricing higher then Home Depot on everything
I took my phone in because I had dust stuck behind my camera, and they fixed it really quickly!
Very nice park. Clean, friendly, and scenic. Has a nice walking path and large sites.
Awesome service and food. I will be returning to try the Saturday biscuit and gravy special.
Very unique and artful desserts. Both of us and the kids really enjoyed the wonderful creations.
Best Animal Hospital in Las Vegas. Compassionate vets, efficient and courteous staff.
Great food. Nice presentation. The place is clean. Enjoyed our lunch. Will try their dinner.
Great atmosphere & great sushi. Highly recommended. It's a hole in the wall & worth the find
love this place just wish the had gluten free items on the menu. maybe some day,right?
Stopped by on my way out of town. Tasty food and friendly service!! What's not to love?
Hidden gem in the north hills worth the drive! Classic barbecue and sides... great menu selections.
Loved their chicken Hakka chow mein and the garlic chicken ! Awesome and friendly service !
The worse Customer service.   If I could take stars away.. I would defenetly take 5 away..
Seriously good Corn beef hash was amazing. My new favorite breakfast house,
One of the wrost places to stay at, avoid as far as possible.
Very professional and nice group of workers. Highly recommend this Discount Tire location.
.
One of the best tasting Pad Thai in the Valley! Great staff! :)
Barbara and Ginger were so helpful and found me beautiful  flowers for our 10th anniversary.
Great service and delicious food. The lunch groupon that is available is a great deal.
As good as it gets. Love all these Brooklyn original grimaldis transplants.
If you're going to Vegas you HAVE TO EAT HERE we had the chili dogs and fries and they were epic!
Damn! This stuff is amazing!  The chocolate is great but the vanilla is to die for!!!!!
This place is pretty good. The baked goat cheese was the bomb and so was my cocktail.
I want more delicious chicken teri; it's so good again and again. Keep up the good work.
This is a tacky taco trashy place.  The burrito was terrible!
Super authentic Taiwanese restaurant in Phoenix! Loved all the sticky tofu dishes.
Extremely slow and unattentive service.  Mediocre food.  Cheesy decor.
Guacamole and margaritas are amazing!!! Very limited seating, but so worth the wait in line.
My smog check only took 10 minutes and the guy that did was very friendly and efficient.
Great prices, easy to deal with. Rented 100 wine & champagne glasses and a black tablecloth.
Had a couple 3 teeth pulled there. All the staff and Dr. Absolutely fantastic.
Good place to have a Canadian dessert in Old Montreal.
Best combination of salad and choices of smoked meats.  Service fantastic!.  A must.  Stan
... pizzas pretty dam tasty ... me likey .. and they have some bomb ass ranch ...............
Good old fashioned German Home Cooking, just like at home. Love it!
5 stars for Jeff the bartender!  Best margarita in town!!  He felt with our crowd like a pro!
Dope service Nice environment Food is decent, same as every other congee place
Beer selection week af. Refused to put the Raptors playoff game on the TV!?! Go somewhere else.
Been to a lot of buffets. This one is average. The food is decent. The place is dirty and nasty.
Sorry to hear it but it was reported in the Republic that Floyd's is closing.
Best tacos! I got al pastor and carne Asada and the asada fries and they were so bomb!!!!
Solid brazilian steak house. Don't forget to ask for the beef ribs! Sooo effin good!
Very good variety, food was good but nothing spectacular. Good value for $
Best ice cream spot in the area! A true family business!
Fuuuuuuuucking delicious chicken tenders OMMG. Be sure to try the sodas and all the condiments too!
Great atmosphere for breakfast and brunch. Convenient parking. Quality coffee! Nice staff
Excellent food, service and great flavors. Do not miss on this Indian food if you are around
Great local bar with 20 beers on tap. Great selection of food! Good place to watch games too!
Amazing service and martinis.   One of the best spots I came across in Vegas.  I recommend a visit.
Awesome authentic Mexican. Jose is a true gentleman, the food is the best!
I love everything in this hotel. Food is amazing, service is great. Good place to have a rest
Great food ! But having to wait 15 minutes for a garlic naan?? The place wasn't even busy !!
Was alright - nothing special... Chicken taco was blah, fish taco was eh, steak taco was good.
Great service not to mention some of the best juice iv had in vegas. Definitely my new one stop shop
Orange ginger chicken was decent enough, kinda dry though. The "fried rice" was AWFUL!
Not bad but not great. I prefer smaller local Tex Mex.
Perfect blend of good ol fashion hair cut with today's version of what I want out of haircut place.
Very clean delicious food. Food to not weigh you down! It was very pricey for what we got!
I like the food it's to good .. service is bit slow . I hope service will get better .
 
Did not like, King of Gyros. Food was very dry, are maybe I pick the wrong day to go. HOPEFULLY
Decent food and drinks - not quite as exciting as I feel it should be for the price.
Dinner is always good there. Service  awesome. Lobster carbonara AAAA. Calamari always crispy.
Mmmmm m me pour les non v g  ;) ils ont un excellent comptoir de produits pour emporter.
$40 for a Monroe is not bad:D Ryan did an awesome job!
Dont waste your time Seating not good Service ok Food ok Not worth the visit Music bad
The pool is amazing as well as the shower and jacuzzi.the beds are also very comfortable.
Great coffee. Amazing owners. Tasty pastries. Looking forward to meeting Brogan, Mary's husband!!!
What can I say.. This is the best Japanese restaurant I know of. A Cleveland tradition..
Decent burger with tons of mushrooms. Huge drink menu. Bill can get pricey.
OMG!!! the best place ever! cheap eats and bomb a** food. especially late night.
Amanda and Sarah were super nice and helpful. They helped pick out the perfect gifts!
The momentum at ASU is unmatched. Such a great place to be.
Eclectic and free - this waterhole represents the best that is the art district. Come in, relax.
Worst service ever. So slow. Don't come here unless your ready to wait 30 min for an iced americano
Love this place!! I always go! Best pizza ever! Great staff! 5+++ stars!!!:)
Great choices and service!!! So many options it was hard to choose. Juice, smoothies and bowls.
Fantastic patio by the water. Good service. Decent food. Good spot to hang out for a drink!
Brisket is Great!! Even the grilled cheese is Good:) The Corn Coblet is a must to try!
Tons of stuff here and reasonable prices!  Friendly staff.  I'd definitely recommend it.
Great fast food burger for an affordable price. Restaurant was clean and staff was friendly
Love this place. Everyone is friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. Great prices and highly recommend!
Love the table side guacamole. Nice wait staff, fresh food. Prices are more than fair.
Holy crap! What the hell was I eating before? This stuff they call corned beef here is AWESOME!
I agree with other yelpers - service sub par, space too small, ice cream itself is above average.
Best experience I had while here in Arizona. Awesome place.for a haircut friendly staff.
Busy place for lunch on a weekday.  Try the rice milk with your meal if you're a chai tea lover!
Mmmmmmm mm mmmmmmmmmm cheese fondue and seafood gumbo! If you don't know, know you know!
Lovo Cigars is move to the container park  707 Fremont st suite #2240 las vegas nv 89101
Tourist trap. Deafening din, drunken patrons, disappointing food.
Service is bad. Pizza was bad. Dirty tables. Dirty dirty dirty. I will not return to this location.
Monkey.
Edit
Good yogurt. Poor toppings. Weird smell in building.
Just hand one of my favorite Pad Thai's from this place!  Keep up the good work.
Very nice neighborhood bakery! Thank you for helping me with pastries for my sons graduation brunch!
Overpriced food that is just mediocre at best. They need a new chef....
Classic diner food. Love my burgers simple and love the crispness of the frys. Short stack was huge.
Tout simplement mon resto indien pr f r ! Belle terrasse disponible l' t 
Save your money. Terrible food and then they'll over charge your credit card.
Lots of dirt in my food today - I think they forgot to wash the salad?
All of The food was fantastic the ambiance and the entertainment wonderful!
Great place. Old world feel. Loved the meat and cheese selections. Fat Monk chard hit the spot
I always enjoy the South Indian vegetarian buffet whenever I am in the area.
Good healthy food. Good prices. Good service. Love the Kung pow chicken. Take out is popular.
Good burger, awesome curry sauce for the fries!
Went in at 5. Didnt even get serviced. They just kept eating their stupid food. Had to leave
First time here and won't be my last. Amazing experience, everything from service to food.
girls swimming in jumbo cocktail glasses :)
I like O and Mystere the best. This was a bit boring in spots.
One of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix.  Easy on my waistline and delicious!
Ridiculously good BBQ pork. Ridiculous good hot and sour soup. Super inexpensive. Huge win.
Eco-friendly, bring your own cup, lots of veggie options.
We were there around 10 pm. We had great service and good food. Nice experience at this Denny's.
Always love in-n-out! Best burgers and fries on the west of the mississippi!
Love this place! Great selection and kid friendly.
Really like this place.  Diverse, funky, cool events.
Amazing pho for the price. The service during the weekday lunch is great.
Tasty. Although no challah bread. Sadface. :(
Favourite place to wax! Best service, clean and great aestheticians! Look no further!
One of our go to places when in Vegas. Food was great, service excellent as always
Incredible food. Fantastic atmosphere. Amazing place to go to break away from the norm.
We ordered takeout here, unfortunately,I don't think they use fresh vegetables.
This is a really unique place.  Great atmosphere and outdoor area.  Food and service were amazing.
Tacos were so good we came here twice during our week long vacation.  I can't wait to go back!
Love these guys!!!
Amazing food, service, and ambience! I haven't had lasagna since I was in Florence Italy!
Kathleen is awesome! Awesome customer service. Def recommend only working with her
Called in for take out. Employee was rude. Got there and they denied having any call-ins.
Clean bathrooms. Quick service. Well kept restaurant. Delicious pizza. Large servings. Will be back!
Tom is amazing. He took the time to understand me need and me hands and feet are amazing.
RIDICULOUSLY delicious. The Moko bun is so so good. Ramen also excellent. A definite must!
This mall has one of the best stores ever. G by Guess! HY
Love this place...Happy Birthday Baby
My favorite spot for ramen !! And they have a calendar of specials on discounted food or drinks...
The best boba tea in town..~~I like this light bulb so much ~~~ absolutely come here again...
Adorable wait staff. Delicious sushi. Prices were reasonable. Will defiantly be back! :)
Krazy Sushi has been my favorite sushi place for the past 2 years. I love their menu!
Was charged extra because I wanted ranch instead of mayonnaise on my sandwich. Ridiculous.
So slow - bad service - staff don't care. I have given this place 3 chances - I will not go back. I
Decent shop but geared more toward edge up style cuts. You won't leave with a natural hairline.
The service tech was great and handled my concerns courteously.
Good pho, noodle dishes, and atmosphere. The service is fast and attentive.
Love this place .....hooking my baby's  bike and close to ASU!!! Doesn't get any better
They're not renting Kayaks from their Tempe location "right now" they say.
Dr Ahua is really amazing; I'm calling to schedule my next annual appointment right now.
My sandwich took me to a new whole dimension. Great atmosphere and amazing service a must go!
Waste of money!!! Piece of crap car wash the rain does a better job washing
Great food, not greasy and every time tastes fresh. Also very quick on delivery orders.
great place, and i don't even drink beer.  snug and charming, with lovely staff.
Starbucks is a community hangout...with attention to detail with amazing drinks and quick bite.
Great services. Love my nails. They stayed late just for us!! Thank you. Will definitely come back.
ALWAYS a winner.  The staff is so friendly.  I just can't say enough about how much I love Dutch.
so many good things here. service is pretty good. selection is king. cant go wrong
The way he explain and spend time, no one can bit him  Thanks dr Khayami  See you soon
Expensive but flawless. Best steak and oysters I've ever had. Great for a special occasion. :)
Delicious roti and salads. Very cozy place, perfect for a relaxing evening with a glass of wine.
Such a beautiful area, beautiful place and great family outing! Highly recommend.
Tried hot pot there.. it is not so good. Spicy but not tasty... I would never go there again.
The food and service were amazing as always. The bulgogi beef appetizer is fantastic.
Amazing appetizers!  Great portions.  Perfect customer service. Will be back again soon
Probably the BEST ice cream cookie sandwiches I have EVER had! Keep up the good work guys!
The greatest food in Las Vegas! Daniell and Katherine make my day better!
Best 'japanese lasagna' sushi I've had. The fish is very fresh, and the service is prompt.
Unfriendly peoples, food was cold and hard. Feb 28, 2016 @ noon. Gross food.
The funnel cake was great however the sullen teenage server provided terrible service!
Gadget Experts are the best! And very quick! Definitely recommend taking your phone here!
Drinks are decently priced and good entertainment. Dancers were quite good looking would come again!
Thank you for the fast response and professionalism. Definitely bookmarking this business.
Really great variety of unique meats and those fries are to die for!
Very entertaining and interactive! Would suggest everyone makes some time to check it out!
A fun sports atmosphere that Avon Lake has needed for a while!  Great food and wings!
NY strip and Diver Scallops.  Best meal ever.
Still waiting on my food after 20 mins of ordering! Slow and ppl standing there talking!
Been there twice, enjoyed it both times,relocating to Vegas soon....will be a regular there...
Eat here a couple times a month. This trip was disappointing. Hope things are better next trip.
Cocktails are exquisite, food superb and the ambiance is just...perfect.
So freaking delicious!   I love this place.  Crawfish Etouffee is to die for!
Excellent Jambalaya and the chicken is awesome too. Don't forget to check out the entertainment.
They quoted us 30 minutes. It ended up being an hour. The service was crappy. Way  overrated.
They have good deep fried california crunch roll. I enjoyed it.!
The best burgers in Vegas! This place is worth the long wait in line.
Great burgers and great prices. Would definitely come back on a late night . Best burgers hands down
Amazing breakfast! Quality food and the portions are huge. Very fast BLT bloody Mary.
Place is awesome!  Food is delicious and prices are very reasonable!  Been there twice in 3 days.
Returning, the food did not measure up to my previous experience and the service was sluggish.
Great customer service and amazing food! Definitely earned another visit here for us.
Fantastic Gibraltar! Hard to find one this good anywhere. A great spot along Rue Saint Denis.
Lots of food and grease. Enuff said.
okay mall, has a decent selection of stores.
Wonderful theater!  Love the atmosphere, the film selections, and the staff.
Great little shop. Just had a haircut and straight razor on the neck. Classic, good barbershop.
sad face they changed owners. no more ny chinese food. this was my favorite low key stop .
Second time here.  Gotten better each time.  Really good food and service.  Highly recommend it.
Awesome food.  Great people and easy to get in and out.  I recommend.
Best coffee in the city.  I don't need to say anymore.
This place is awesome!! Good food good atmosphere and the cigar lounge is amazing!! Thanks Larry!!
Was visiting Charlotte. Had an amazing lunch at the bar. Ask for Lindsey she is absolutely fantastic
Great, unique food. Awesome atmosphere. The hummus is fantastic, as is the goat cheese with honey.
Very friendly server. Nice comfortable atmosphere. Baby kale salad fresh, healthy, and tasty.
Enjoyed lunch. The place was packed and the service was very good. Good food. Nice tavern feel.
Food was awesome! Service wasn't bad, but it could be improved. But damn the food was good!
Very friendly service and one of the best burgers that I have had in a very long time.
In my family, we call this place "Grease on Wok". Barely edible.
I tried the strawberry shortcake Frappciano it was good near the food court  and theater in red rock
All you can stuff in the pie hole. Shrimp tempura roles were best! Ice cream sandwiches!
Delish, but overpriced for a burger joint.
Lemon pepper wings are so good! Best wings in PHX area!
enjoy coming here for my frappacinos. Great location
The staff here is very nice and they work fairly quick. Prices are reasonable.
We love it! Horst and family and staff are the best! Saurbratuen for the win!
Bug in our food and managers were very noncarrying and very standoffish regarding this
Had my garage door fixed and couldn't have asked for better service. Job well done! Thank you.
Cool Athmosphere for children, We didn't enjoy their pizzas that much. But good place to hang out
Fast. Reliable. Clean. No crackheads in the parking lot.  What else could you ask for?
Good food. Wasn't busy the Saturday night we visited. A very reliable option.
Yum. Good pizza and lots of interesting choices. Relaxed vibe, plenty of seating and live music.
Love this place! Really friendly and very professional, not to mention the food. It's amazing!!!
Yes they are as good as it gets... Jabari is always looking out for our best interest
These people are SKETCHY. I see them prey on women's insecurities and it's frankly disgusting
So.   It's the pastrami on dark rye.  Henry Weinhardt root beer.   Andrew gave us great service.
Greasy, late night Asian food at its finest.
Food was amazing and fast service I loved just nearly everything .. Only issue was the workers
SO BUMMED that this place closed as of April, 2011. This was one of my favorite places!
It was good food, not great, crazy expensive compared to Chipotle, will def try again
Eeeh not bad, but not great. The pictures look really good, but the taste didn't reflect.
Awesome!!! Corned Beef Sandwich  Rode a bike from downtown Cleveland  Totally worth it Thanks
Honest & reliable.  They will not try to sell you something that you don't need.
Holy Hell Mayo Queen....put the mayo gun down and back away from the burgers.
One of the best Lebanese food restaurants in Las Vegas! Happy to have it in my neighborhood.
Delicious, affordable and they accept 2015 payment of a credit card. May I recommend. The Cubano?
Quick service, standard tasting food. Nothing exceptional about this Timmies over other ones.
Decent price for some pretty awesome cheesy pizza. Wings aren't the best, good side selections.
Yummy bowls. But portions leave more to desire. Staff was pretty dull :( didn't even smile.
Great lunch menu. Even better beer selection. Definitely a great choice for dinning out!
Good food, large place. I recommend the Veggie Tempura Roll and the happy hour is legit.
The boneless wings are small processed chicken nuggets and overpriced for that reason.
Food is wonderful and the service rocks! Great prices and they serve breakfast all day!
Chashu (if i remember it right) soup base was good, the pork super tasty. Staff are very friendly.
Really happy to have found this place.  Looking forward to returning and trying out their menu!
We like this vet, groomer, and boarding spot for our cats.
Not impressed with the service or the food.  Too many choices in town that are less expensive
Best pies in town. Caramel pecan silk supreme pie is heaven. The food is good as well.
It's quite a hike from the airport/strip. Wasn't bad at all but nothing to write home about.
Lots of choices and delicious! Even better now that they expanded and added more products.
Very friendly waiter and great atmosphere. Food was very good, filling and authentic.
Love this place..  so good and it's so cheap!!!  Definitely a good place to go that's healthy!
I really enjoy their happy hour.  And I maintain that they make the best Black Manhattan in town!
Food was great tasing but later I didn't feel so good. I think they use msg in their food.
Cool bar! Good food, drinks and beer list, and service. They even have happy hour on Saturdays!
Great fast service. Peter, David helped me out. Found on Yelp and came right over. Thanks!
Best NY Style Pizza in Charlotte, NC. Fresh ingredients and best flour. Had a large pizza well done!
BEST barbacoa tacos!!!!!!!!!!!!
Pretzel bites not bad, beer is good, love Stella on draft, good band
Amazing! The fish sandwich is SO good, fries are amazing and soda selection is fun!
Love the place! The newest songs! Best gathering place in town!
very good not off the chart, excellent service, reservation are very prompt. Good food
Getting better and better.  Great food, better prices than strip.   Quality ingredients.
Great food! Amazing Service! Large portions! I defiantly recommend giving them a try!
Hands down the most delicious bagels ever. Closest to New York style bagels ever. A++++ for sure.
Slow service (lunch), even though there were only a few customers there.  Terrible food.
The place to grab a super healthy pick me up!! Staff is great and the Acai bowls are addictive.
Wack... Luckily I got 10% off for checking in... Rice was hard, Carne Asada tacos tasted kind of old
Rude service.  Very unpleasant order takers.  Plus bagels are Just as bad as eating doughnuts.
Good choice for some NY pizza, and I love that they have green chile available for a topping.
Chase and Dan are very knowledgeable and helpful! Surprisingly fast and friendly service!
Delicious coffee, awesome artistry, nice staff, and clean place. Very cool vibes here
Will be offering delivery soon, how cool is that!?  Indian and Italian food under one roof...
Delicious poke burrito! Everything tastes fresh and the staff was very nice! So nummie
Rocco's has the best wings! Pizza is great. Very friendly staff. I'd definitely recommend a visit.
Great service and awesome food. Love their gyros! Just hate the fact their closed on Fridays :(
Nice quaint little dive bar. Great owners. I'm always treated like family on every visit.
Best service and food. We love the Sole. Quick and speedy service.  Pete and Anthony. Summerlin
Thanks for the great grooming you did on Nitro Today! He smells like cotton candy!  ~ Brian & Lexi
Great food, good price.  I usually get al pastor fries but everything I've had here is amazing!
Original taste! We always make it here when in Vegas. Great service, small location though
Note: Cross reference w/ Bobby C's Cafe.   They still have the ninja bowls.
Terrible customer service but meats are fresh and of good quality. The hours however suck!
Ordered via Uber eats.  Took a while to get here but was pretty tasty and generous portions!!
This place was cool. Nice furnishings. Comfortable bed. Loved the shower!
Wow! So ginourmous! Yum dim sum, desert all of it. Kindof phenom. Wowza.
Good food, vegan friendly, consistent, staff is ok not very friendly the last few times we've gone
Love going here for hometown Italian cooking. Prices are reasonable, and food is excellent.
Very good food and beautiful setting. Excellent lobster and salmon.
Another successful delivery order - the Hot & Sour soup had shrimp in it!!
Delicious cuts of beef, the karage is nicely fried and the service is excellent!
The best place to go! Wonderful people,decor,coffee.. The one on the Queensway is great start too!!
It ain't pretty but it gets the job done. Food is OK, service varies, and they have decent specials
They play Beyonce and Hanson what more could you ask for in life. Service is amazing!
Worked here as a kid so it brings back good memories. Close to the highway. Std McDees
Lots of great stores. A comfortable mall to shop in.
Great Italian pasta and delicious mushroom soup. Good price, I will get the stone pizza next time.
Greasy chicken, old oil used apparently havent changed oil. Very disappointed in customer service.
Never had Vietnamese food before but the stir fry with rice noodles was really good.
Really love the ice cream and cookie selection. The flavors are great with great service.
This place is fantastic! Great customer service and the menu is awesome. We will definitely be back!
Best Strip Club in the Valley hands down! Love this place, definitely will be back soon.
Best pizza , open till 4:00am on weekends.  I feel like I am in New York having pizza.
The stylist was rude and trying to start an argument all the way. It was very unpleasant.
The spinach pie is to die for and it's available Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays!
Always a great eating experience here. I've brought family and friends and they all loved it !
It's my favorite sushi place In las Vegas!!  Jojo is awesome n the food is amazing!!
Great service!   Very professional, on time, educational, and friendly!  Would defiantly use again.
Great selection of awesome men's designers and excellent customer service every time!
F rating at the BBB. No license  according to the BBB. Do yourself a favor, use another company.
Fantastic happy hour. All of the apps were great and well priced
The Polo Pasta was very good, the lasagna was lacking something.
Yum!  A great way to recharge after hiking!  Don't forget to try their spicy jack quesadillas!
Better stocked and super deals on clearance items.  Easy returns.  Friendly, helpful staff.
Best grocery ever. Knowledgeable staff, very friendly and helpful.
Great place to come for your hangover cure. The RN's are hot and smart. Definitely coming back.
Very professional, on time, and listened to what we wanted the party music to be. Highly recommend!
We loved it.  Their crust, sauce, cheese, toppings and herbs make for a really flavorful pie.
Awesome food!!! Everything were ordered from the apps to meals were delicious.
Excellent Mediterranean restaurant, the best baclava desserts, good service and delicious food
#1 strip club in Las Vegas!!!
Went here while in China town for Ube ice cream. Good selection of ice cream toppings and teas.
Great brunch and a cozy patio. Come early or expect to wait. Try anything on the menu. It's all good
Great atmosphere, fantastic beer, steak melted in my mouth. Definitely worth a check out.
never had a bad experience until i ordered take out lately, but still pretty solid.
Always have lots of hot and readys on hand and Douglas is always a charmer. Great place!!!
Worst check in service. Wil NEVER stay at Gold Coast casino Ever again even if it FREE.
Get your booty in here right now! Cheryl is seriously THE most incredible yogini ever!!!
Authentic Italian food made fresh with quality ingredients.  Good service and excellent menu choices
Prices are so high, food is so bad, service is horrible, and this place is so loud.
https://www.saveology.com/phoenix-west  $5 for $10 worth of Lamar's goodness!
Very clean, fast service, very nice employees and good subs!!
Improved service with excellent food.
Great food great vibe  Going back for sure! Food truck Tuesday and best fish n chips! Bison burger
We buy all our animal's foods here- from the dogs to the horses!  Good prices and nice staff.
Great food always. Best hummus in town. Priced fairly.    Comfortable and fast but always fresh.
Takes about 35 dollars to feed my fam of 3. Favorite place ever, jalapeno sausages booomb
Service is so fast and location is clean. Easy parking and patient forms. Will go back for sure!
Huge Thank You to Dr. Hansen!  Long wait but definitely worth it!
Good place to relaxing and comfortable sofa is good as well. Latte form so soft. I love this place.
Really good burgers. The best burger joint in Tempe. The Tijuana Torpedo is my favorite.
Great food and service! The Mac n cheese is amazing and a must try. Will definitely come back again!
Best haircut ever!  And the ladies smell nice too.
If you want personalized quality customer service, come to this location. Its so worth it.
Very good experience, had the chili and Forester Burger. Both were great, def would come back.
its edible, that's it, taco bellish, had better food from a roach coach
Great food and great prices for Amore Monday 3 course meal. Waiter lacked personality.
Top notch diner. Try the apple pie milkshake.
Wow.. you guys nailed it. basic pepperoni could not have been better thank you
   
Came in close to closing and the woman working on jan 17th was very hospitable and pleasant
Very tasty pizza. Got a veggie with tons of toppings. Marinara very good !! Very pleasant employees.
Please post your times correctly. Arrived at 10:40pm and worked had just locked the doors.
T he bartender is associated with md13.  I think his name is Andyl. Worst service e ever
This one of me favorite place to relax, it is open till late. friendly service,
I visit every chance I'm in Vegas. Its that good! But be sure to get there super early.
Real good Pad Thai!! Curry dish was enjoyed greatly as well....just needs more outdoor seating
Cute cute cute, but staff not friendly. Ordered a tea and my friend ordered coffee. Both good.
Very good coffee Even better treats Friendly baristas Nice outdoor seating Cool place!
Real good Mexican food!!! And their burgers are amazing!!! I forsure recommended this new place!!!
Great dumpling usually busy place , some times waiting can be 1/2 hr. Pork dumpling are the best one
Always a must when in Vegas or San Diego! The al pastor tacos (adobada) are too die for!
Favorite sushi place in Charlotte! Great service! They are so friendly and prices are amazing!
Came here opening day. Staff very friendly. Nice spacious layout. Well staffed lines! Welcome to NC!
Adorable !!!! Super eclectic inside. Great patio seating. Must see the patio in the back.
Awesome place....great wings, phenomenal beer selection and fantastic service!  Love it here!
Neat, clean and always well stocked. Staff is very friendly and prices are defiantly the lowest.
Some of the BEST ice cream I have had in a long time! Can't wait to try it this summer!
Wonderful staff and amazing kebabs! Chicken barley soup is a must order. Definitely will be back!
Bob does a thorough job and in a courteous manner at a very reasonable price.
Great late night comfort food. Great portion size, would definitely recommend sharing.
Oh why, oh why did you have close?  Your replacement disgusts me and it appears many others.  *sob*
The food was amazing. Sashimi with pop rocks especially. I'll be back so much to choose from.
Amazing place .. tried signature coffee and cake . Very clean place and very nice staff.
Today I bought a "Twix" bar. It was so delicious! I really wish I would've bought more than one!
Love the presentation of the dishes,  the quality and freshness! The happy hour it's amazing.
Good food in a casual location.  The carne asada fries and Dominican Yucca Nachos were great!
A real nice Lunch. Excellent Service! Food portion  was a little small, but very good.
Best Bloody Mary's in town!! This is a must stop place. I promise, you won't be disappointed!!!!
Decent food, not much of place.  Good value, waitress was somewhat confused but very pleasant
OMG! Is this true about this place.    https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=9Yz9u_1533499096
I love coming here prices are amazing and the nail techs are super friendly more visits to come
My fave coffee shop in Phoenix! They make their own chai and it's DELICIOUS.
I've had the breakfast burrito, taco plate and nachos. I love this place. Nothing bad to say!! Yummy
Great drinks. Fairly authentic tacos. Get the chorizo fireballs or mofungitos and thank me later.
Kid friendly, great music, nice beer selection, friendly staff and good food make for a nice time!
Small mom and pop restaurant. Never really that busy, but food is decent and priced right.
$3 chicken on a stick. It's juicy and delicious. Get it.
Eat there for free fries! Best hangover cure since weed.  "I did WHAT last night??"
Only Mexican restaurant that I've ordered take out from that doesn't give you chips and salsa.
Pretty good. I liked the black rice. Good portions at a decent price. Many combinations available
"Great food and service. Would be good to have a kids menus to make it 5 stars.
Delicious sushi and good happy hour prices!
Great customer service.   Had a defective part unit they replace it no questions asked.
Large soccer park. Usually clean and has a large play area for the smaller kids
Ein exzellentes Buffet mit einer gro en Auswahl.
Been eating there for years and it's consistently great!  Delicious sandwiches and pastries
The pizza is amazing (5 stars) the dinner salad, chicken sandwich and eggplant parm. 1 star
Good, basic Mexican diner. Great seafood taco selection.
Really good pizza and nice people. I ordered "The Cleveland." The fire-baked crust is amazing!
This location is being closed. I guess the video store is really dying.
Soooo good. I loved my enchiladas! The salsa and Orange Bang are can't misses!
All I know is, my custom soup was awesome today! Waitress was super nice as well. Cute place!
Wonderful selection.  Fresh, homemade items.  Delicious flavors.  Kind, generous staff.
Possibly the worst Korean BBQ experience I have ever had! TT
Endless fun! Candy is my kryptonite and this store checks every box for me. Happy happy joy joy
Rock, roll, glitter, fake hair dryers and cheap drinks in Vegas.how does that not deserve 5 stars?
Lot's of things to see.  Not cheap but great spot to visit and try some outdoor Green activities...
Very good fast food fried dumplings. My favorite when I'm staying at Paris Las Vegas.
I meant to click on 5 Star rating on my previous review. All personnel were OUTSTANDING.
Solid breakfast.  Not the ma and pop diner I expected, very clean and modern.
Good lunch stop. Still a new restaurant working out the bugs. The Beef on Week keeps me coming back.
their black bean veggie burger is one of the best! friendly service. nice atmosphere
Really good, old school authentic food.  Very affordable and quick.  Highly recommend.
Bar went out of business without warning.   Too bad, my wife and I enjoyed this place.
Beautiful, One of my favorite places in Uptown. Relax on my lunch hour.
Service is good and the food...especially the street tacos amazing...Hehe.
super potato oles were good. love the salsa bar!
No doubt one of the best burgers around. We really enjoy all their offerings and the space.
Friendly staff, excellent hygienist!  Enjoyed being a new patient. Thorough job!  Updated equipment!
Great food ! Chef Tony came personally to ensure we were happy with the food and service .
This is probably my favorite sushi spot in all of Phoenix. The fish is so fresh and delicious.
Food is always hot and tasty.  Staff are friendly and helpful.  Especially Zach, he is always great.
Tom yum, soup here is my fave....great on a cold day.
Such great beds - clean and effective. Super friendly staff! A pleasure every time I visit!
Loved it!! Food was great service was great!! Management is on top of it!! Would define go again!!
Too expensive for second hand... especially clothing. Better prices at ReThreads.
Briana was so easy to work and very professional. On top of everything the entire transaction.
Hope you like loudmouth hipster d-bags!   Lousy haircut and attitude to spare. Never again.
Love this store! They get great stuff in, very original clothing an good prices too.
This place is so much fun.  I had a blast a bingo and playing their slot machines.
My 4 year old daughter loves this place. And the price is right!
Very nice and innovative way to cater to their clients  My second time there, will try again .
The Chili Verde Eggs Benedict is basically to die for.  You can't go wrong eating here.
Love this place wonderful service every time I go I highly recommend them no doubt about it
Love this place! The food, the atmosphere & the service is spot on! Love my neighborhood place!
Valet department need attention, bad attitude, you just drive a s class for someone, it's not yous!
Karla is the best!!! And the staff is amazing! Very accommodating and always friendly
Good price, on time, and responsive customer service.
Friendly servers, nice dishes and amazing deserts. Totally would recommend friends to come.
Great local bakery with delicious pastries and coffee!
This place is fantastic. Fresh, tasty, healthy, and great service. My favorite is the skinny salmon
Amazing food great people so friendly. Thank you for a wonderful meal, we will be back
Oh, yes the best Persian pastry in town. But I like the first branch in North York.
Never again--this is a chop shop--my hair has never looked so bad.
Good food, great Tom yum soup.  They have beer now!!  Good service from our experiences so far.
Every time I go here the staff is polite, the place is clean, and the food is good. Recommended!
This place is great! Almost never closes, has great food. Just a really nice place to hang out.
3 stars for service. Food is actually 5 stars. We drove from Gilbert to have lunch here.  Q
Had much fun here at this stadium watching Angels games for Spring Training 2016
This place is so tasty!  The staff is knowledgeable as well. I will definitely be back. Many times
Really nice shop with japanese items. Lots of hello kitty stuff. A little expensive but good choice.
Great outdoor area in summer. Live bands on Fridays. Good beers on tap, try the IPPB.
Thank you Anthony Manuel for a fast friendly service!  I appreciate your thoroughness.
Great healthy food. Smoothies are amazing and breakfast sandwich was fresh and refreshing!
Jeremy and Jeff are such amazing guys.  Ask for the secret menu ;)
Good atmosphere. But the food was nothing special, especially considering the price.
Great food the noodles are fantastic beef pancakes yes plz.
Amazing food good service. I enjoyed my visit and loved my lunch.  Thank you souls food cafe
Omg! We had the Trash Can Nachos and they were SOOOOOOOOO good. I highly recommend them. Fantastic!
They did it again!  Very convenient location and the food and smoothies are just great...again!
Nice cozy place with great friendly service. The popcorn chicken is delicious!
Update - there is pretty much nothing going on here lately. Recovery was fun but short lived.
Yummy food and a great, clean atmosphere! Staff was friendly and made it even better.
UPDATE  Ok it's been 9d and still totally happy.
Great bar, great food!  It's a cool little spot if you want to get away from the noise.
Enjoyed our dinner at Japango. Well prepared, good price/quality. Would definitely go back.
Love my new set of nails! My pedicure was so relaying! This is my nail salon of choice!
Best pork sandwich in Toronto... crackling in there is amazing.
Well, to put it simply: Jamie Is THE BEST BARTENDER!  Try her Mermaid Beer Mojito! Groundbreaking.
Awsome tacos man I think the best that I have tasted in AZ so far. Will definitely go back. thanks
Pleasantly surprised, iconic Italian restaurant and atmosphere, great food , right in Scottsdale
Very good baked Mac and Cheese and friendly staff!
Didn't have to wait forever to order drinks like is usual at busy clubs and the music was great!
Love this place! Real authentic food, and quick!  I frequent this place a few times a week.
Update: they have brought back their brownie toppings. Happy me
Great Service as usual. It only takes 30 minutes to fix my iPhone 6S battery issue.
I have been here and have seen the lack of respect for patrons. Do not go here for your own safety.
was there last night great food pizza and wings were good highly recommend this place
First time there and i absolutely loved it, the staff is nice i love my nails, my new place for sure
The forum shops are awesome - as well as Caesars itself. Tons of stores here to choose from.
Excellent service. I was like a kid in a candy store
Really good variety and different then the usual fastfood
Great deals here and love browsing at the unique bottle selection from all over the world.
Love the room!  i give it a 3 stars cause i got murdered tonight (  cold blooded )...
Redeemed. Went back had great service. Always great food. A neighborhood staple.
Came in for 80s costume. Rebeca was really nice and helpful!!! Great experience. Would come back
Love love this salon and it's location. Colleen always does a fantastic cut and color for me.
The cachitos are great, the service is friendly and the coffee is good. Check it out.
THE BEST NOT JUST COFFEE THERE IS. Shout outz 2 @bryson & @alex 4 being the best baristas there are.
Surprisingly good. Good wait staff. Chicken and waffles is a winner.
Love this place!  Best green curry dish around the Pittsburgh area!!!  It literally cannot be beat!
great coffee, even better service.  Definitely a great place to hit up for that coffee fix
Another little gem in our area. The new buffalo chicken philly is the BEST around.
Cold weather comfort food!
The best Italian restaurant around. Great food,large portions for the price. Staff is very nice.
Excellent professional service. Arrived on time an finished all the repairs within their estimate.
Food is excellent & the service is very good. You should try Buddha Thai Bistro. Your gonna love it.
Solid 4 stars - great food, huge value, good service.
Best vietnamese restaurant in town. Good looking place, great food, great presentation.
Great carnitas.  A little pricey for a taqueria, but damned good!
Charges $0.35 to use debit card. No credit card option at the pump. Will not come here again.
We have been coming here for years. Food is always fresh and delicious. Egg drop is amazing.
The best church ever!  Amazing leadership, amazing WORD, amazing people glorifying an AMAZING Jesus!
The salmon sashimi was fresh and pretty tasty. Chinese food is overpriced, but decent.
I really loved this show. It was sexy and really funny. My kind of humor. I loved the host.
three separate times they've given me the completely wrong order on to go orders...
One of the only places in town that I like.  Great design, food and service.
Just eat here.  So good.  I would work here if I could get free buffet breakfast every morning.
Great doctor!  Fast, quick, all business yet courteous! Changed my prescription quickly.
Just Awesome Thai food.  You will not be disappointed at the service and delicious food!
Oh man.. I usually like this place, but today, I only got two pieces of chicken in my curry..
Good breakfast served quickly, but nothing special and quite pricey - even for Vegas.
Great MUSIC  if you're into Latin, Hiphop, Top Billboard ! But it is NOT a gay club ;(((
Lovely atmosphere and amazing happy hour . The queso was amazing. He burger was pretty good
Good ole DQ. Still has the Mr Misty Freeze.  Try one. I guess it is now on the secret menu.
SOOO GOOD. The buffalo chicken sandwhich is awesome. The ranch is to die for. Love!!!
Super nice employees.  One race is about 3 laps and is $8.  Cars are fast and fun.
The ambience is good.  I ordered the John's steak and eggs for brunch.  It's delicious.
Awesome food, fantastic service, fair price.  Try the green chili mac and cheese for sure.
I love this place !!! Every time their food is good and the service is quick, good for a weeknight .
love this location all the employees are great and i love their reverse happy hour from 10-2!
If you lime a jack in the box massage then go here   Then hard sell all the way out the door
What a phenomenal experience.  The food and service was fantastic!!  I cant wait to go back.
Surprisingly good pizza. Very busy so it's usually fresh! Lots of variety in slices available.
I really liked the haircut my boyfriend got here :)
They have an amazing sound system thats so loud you can feel it.
Probably one of  the best Sandwiches locations in Las Vegas!!
Best Italian meal I've ever had.  Meatballs were amazing!  Can't wait to go back.
The best grits in charlotte hands down!! Give them a try.. you will not be sorry at all!!
Great old school Jewish deli!  Love the food and the staff.
Great service. 1st time there and love love my nails.... see u soon!!!!! Thank u Elana!!
Love this place. Atmosphere is fantastic. Drink selection is very good. Staff is excellent.
The wifi here is shit. It is deathly slow and using the web here is the most frustrating thing ever.
Great cut. Took extra time w/ me to get it the way I wanted. Thanks, Shy.
Clean,  decent, and  food not bad for fast food joint . But abit pricey. I Still recommended
The owner of Dooneys is now the owner of The Annex Live - just as terrible!!!
Customer service was ok. Not a lot of food for an expensive price. I pretty much left hungry
Great Pho, great drinks and great service. Definitely a place to check out when in Phoenix.
The best Caesar salad ever, and their pizza's are very good too.  Service is amazing!
Tasty kbbq. Good portions. Great for group outtings. Will come back again!
Wow! Best Chicago style pizza in town!  Reminded me of home!  (And yes I AM from Chicago!)
excellent drunk food. mediocre sober food.   smokey the bandit is the best! (when drunk)
Amazing hot dogs . A must try for sure when you go to Las Vegas . It's in front of Bally's casino
Best beef satay noodle soup I have ever had! It is has coconut milk in the broth. A must try!!
The bowls are filling and fairly healthy.  A great fast food restaurant.  Service is good too!
Pretty decent chinese and japonese food. Sushi bar is awesome, lots of variety.
Love the ambiance, great food and wonderful staff... The live music makes it even more special.
This is my favorite sushi place ever! Hidden gem!!! Such great price. And staff super friendly
Pros:  -Clean -Nice ambience -Good size booths   Cons:  -Can't think of any right now
Presently surprised when walking in. Nicely designed staff was friendly and food was great.
This is my favorite filipino cuisine in vegas. Very nice crews and affordable prices.
Amazing food, just loud and always packed. I would definitely recommend the food though! Yummy
La bouffe est plut t bonne.  Pourquoi deux  toiles ? - Pas d'alcool. - Des mouches partout.
Second time here and still love the food! Tried the Chile relleno it is so good!! Great for lunch
Another Great Meal  I Love Everything About This Place! Love The Owner/Chef She is Amazing!
This is the beeessttt Chinese cusine I have ever had in Pittsburgh. Highly recommanded!!!
Great place to eat.  Great corn beef!
Amy the manager is great! Highly recommend this place.
Excellent service.  Tasty food.  Great wines.  Of course, it's pricey!
Extremely friendly and helpful when getting help with my piercings. Clean and big shop too
Traditional NY style. Fabulous pizza. Great crust.  Joey is the pizza man, ya can't go wrong here.
Great service and yummy dessert! It also has such cute decor and makes eating much more enjoyable
Love going here for the food court for a quick meal.
The brunch is SO BOMB HERE! Try one of their Bellinis they are to do die for. So refreshing!
Amazing service and AMAZING FOOD! A little on the pricey size but the quality is worth it.
Sawa sushi special roll buy 2 get 1 free lol Everything very good. Fresh fish.good server. Nice chef
Great food with a cozy ambiance. Prices were very reasonable and the wine selection was great.
Great atmosphere and music! Perfect coffee shop feel with AMAZING desserts! Easy parking!
Absolutely awesome, I love the way Peter does my nails!! I will be making this my new nail salon!
Oh so yummy! I recommend the fried green tomato stack and wash it down with the watermelon lemonade!
Best Barbershop on the West! Great Environment..Good Vibes! Always satisfied! All barbers are great.
Great place, especially in the summer!  Awesome outdoor space (with an outdoor bar).  Tasty beer.
Attorney Joseph Reiff is excellent, reliable, attentive to your needs and confident. Thank you
Really polite employees, good pizza and the best is the beer sold by the amount you drink
Update - still delicious. Not impressed by the soft serve (had the maple flavor) - it was quite meh.
Amazing! Rolls are huge, price is on point and the fish is the freshest I've had in a long time!
Amazing service, talked out my problem on the phone. I would totally have a beer with Brett.
Much needed burger after Lee's Wine Experience. But won't be back. Burger mediocre & service lousy.
My new go to spot. When you in Vegas come here ! I love theAndy roll and the dynamite roll. Yumm
Anything you have done here is wonderful!! Hair, nails massage... They will take great care of you!
Yum!  Quick and fresh!  I love making up my very own pizza!
I really enjoy eating here. It is just delicious. Our server Alexis B. was attentive and friendly.
It was a perfect, fresh, interesting, healthy lunch.  Plllleeeeezzzzeee open one in Boston!
Must try breakfast spot in Vegas! Get there early or be prepared for a really LONG wait!
Clean. quality selection. Somewhat even in prices.
Staff was nice but food was mediocre and it was overpriced for a lunch meal.
I finally found a good soul food place Thanks to Angie and Mama I'll definitely be back
Have brought all of my cars to John. He's by far the best in the business.
Excellent food. The Italian sausage sandwich is very good. Thumbs up from our entire lunch party.
Big fat gyros, Greek salad and baklava were all wonderful! Would do the 10 mile drive again!
A really amazing place to eat some great Mexican food. It is a nice cozy restaurant with character.
Most popular lunch spots in town-Great dedicated staff-Customer oriented-Good food
Ok place for lunch. Service was good but my sandwich was cold when it was bought to my table.
Pork tacos and jalepenos toreador!  Yummy ate there last night.
Tim O was great to work with. A true professional! Great service and highly recomend shopping here
Average...dry salmon, regular sides..nothing great. But gotta live with what's around in Lkn.
This place is amazing, the ice cream is delicious and the customer service is excellent!
My new fav cupcakes!  Beats Sprinkles!
I always order the Sunrise with a cheddar bagel, egg, bacon and jalapeno cream cheese.  So good!!!!
Superb food, Asian Tapas is a great concept!  Service was on point!  Wish I had this in Dallas.
THE BEST HUMMUS I've ever had!  Like ever. Fresh, healthy options. We love the catering options.
Very clean, efficient and friendly staff.  Buritto was awesome and good value for the money
Stopped for a quick breakfast and found that here. Great pancakes and fast, pleasant service.
Great New Place. Got the Dragon Burrito and it was Awesome. Not to pricey either. Totally worth it.
Good bacon and pork. Was disappointed by the gumbo.  A little on the heavy side.
10/10. Service was great, salsas were spicy, and the meats were flavorful. Best little taco shop.
I Highly recommend this clinic. Best therapist in the valley!
My kids love this place. The size small is more like 64oz. HUGE PORTIONS. Onion rings are Delish
Got a dozen for my coworkers and it was a hit. So good and almost all the donuts are vegan!
Delivery took 1.5 hours. Ordered 2 pizzas and only got one (that was cold). Very disappointing
The prices are way too high for use CD's.  Not the same Manifest it use to be years ago.
Appointments easy to schedule. Work completed is always professional and guaranteed.
Breakfast was great, dinner not worth it.  Go over to the Spotted Donkey instead.
Fun atmosphere. Good place. Nice workers and the family that owns it is really great.
My go to tailor for a simple hem, very reasonable prices, quality work and good service.
10 times better than Spirit Stores for costumes and cleanliness.
Amazing bbq and brisket. Great service. Fresh food and inviting atmosphere. Will be back!
Amazing! Great food, amazing house distilled spirits, local beer and wine
Closed business without informing clients. They owe me more than $1,000 in classes. Unscrupulous.
Food and service was good, a little pricey but id def go back and bring a few friends!
Great facility. Everyone was friendly and very helpful. Enjoyed my visit. Fast and efficient.
Best food. And great service will go back again. Great atmosphere and good greetings at the door .
Training needed! Sad Value Fry portion. Unfriendly drive-up window! Sign falling over...
Absolutely a hidden gem.  Thanks for the amazing food and service! Lovely wine selection!
Great food. Great ambiance. Good selection of beers, wine and liquors. Service is hit and miss.
Love the curry!:) people here are super nice! Will definitely come again. Price is decent.
4 stars because good for the price. Very friendly staff.
Wonderful experience with Meghan!  Very pleased with my new cut and color!  Definitely coming back!!
This place is a joke save u money for somewhere else to stay place is ghetto and rude staff.
Terry Muritore is the best vet period,  staff is friendy,  efficient and professional
Wings were great, fries are tasty & the drinks are good too! They have poker tournaments here.
Delicious Japanese treats!  Great array of teas and coffees as well as spirits and savory!
I don't think I have ever been to a slower Starbucks!  Nate has one speed!  Slow....crazy
Of you are handicapped stay away. There is no access at all after they changed parking.
Cute place inside DeSoto Central Market...the seafood is outstanding for AZ!
Great food, ventilation is great, liked "the shit", thanls to our waitress for recommending it
Sometimes crowded. Sometimes hot. Basic equipment. But some of the employees are very nice
Good lunch with a view!! Been to Graze a dozen times or so and they never disappoint.
This place is amazing. The waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and the nachos are great.
Lisa went above and beyond our expectations. 1st class service treated like family. Thumbs up
Food ok. Way overpriced. Worst service I've ever had in Vegas. Left hungry, portions tiny.
Great Thai food. They also have really good service and the restaurant itself is beautiful.
Food was very good , good atmosphere , good price . All around a solid Mexican food place in Vegas
Look at the paper menu because they have fish not listed on the board! The grouper dinner is great!
Great place to live. Maintenance is prompt. Kid friendly amenities.
i have been going to Tawana since 2007 and love my nails. I always receive compliments on my nails.
Excellent mini desserts. Beautiful presentation. I recommend the pecan pie and the chocolate tart.
A-OK.  Had a 150 person work dinner here.  Nice job--pretty good food--EXCELLENT wine choices
awesome place to eat, food is great and the atmostphere is amazing
Very excellent breakfast! Liked the AM Superfoods Bowl a whole bunch! Amazing food and service!
Great tacos and drinks.  Can't go wrong with free chips and salsa.  Fish tacos are my favorite!
Nice clean place. Great staff and the bartender told us where to go for what we were looking for!
Say yes to the nachos. They are incredible! The food isn't super healthy but it is delicious.
Have used and recommended J.R. Perkins for years!    Great service , great company!
Grocery store was within walking distance for my hotel stay. Picked up my food stash for my visit.
By far the best gelato I've ever had (though I haven't been to Italy yet).
Excellent job and got the tint done very quickly. Would highly recommend this place to others.
Place is a little pricey for the size of pizza. But quality makes its worth coming back
This place is bad ass , so many different burgers its radonk! I highly recommend this place
I have tried everything on the menu and Pulled pork sandwich is piled high and VERY tasty!
The best brunch, bloodies, and beignets. I mean, what more could a girl ask for?!
HORRIBLE!!!!!!!! Save your money and go else where!!! Unlicensed therapists!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very good food and service! Tasty and comfortable. We enjoyed and we will come again.
Great spot for healthier breakfast. Sat outside and enjoyed the weather. We will be back.
3hours delayed on an 8:30pm fight. Informed this is common. Won't be using this airline again!
Great place, very authentic and reasonable price. Lots of fun.
Never delivered our food but claimed they came to the door. Do not order from this place late night.
Order any of their Adobado dishes. Trust me... they are fantastic.
The pizza is alright here, but this is hands down the best place to get a meatball sub!
I believe that I made this last review in error. Wrong company.
Their 'shrimp & scallops Antoinette' (with white wine & artichoke hearts) was delicious!
Awesome place, though super tiny. Had their ramen and it was delicious. Highly recommended.
Decent pizza for cleveland, certainly better than the chains.
Really bad service here very mean staff
I really enjoy going to Floyds. It's a nice date place with great wine prices and tasty food!
Perfect pizza. Perfect price. Loved the serving size and fountain drink. I'll be back!
This is LITERALLY the best place to get a spicy shrimp pasta. First time here and I will be back!!!!
This place is nothing short of AWESOME! Try Juan Breakfast Tacos with sausage, AMAZING!!
Love This Place Happy Food Chicken  Fried Rice Is My  Absolute Favorite Food  Chinese Rather
Excellent service but Chef Marc puts his heart in his food.  Best Italian Restaurant in Las Vegas!
The setting is very nice.The drinks were great and the food is amazing
Where to go on years where your ex gets the kids for Christmas day lol Food is good too! :)
Dogwood is great! Wonderful cocktails, friendly staff, great food. Highly recommended.
Easily the best Restaurant in the Huntersville area. Great sushi and service.
I had better Middle Eastern Food than this. Food is dry and tasteless.  Pretty pricey too.
Portions are big but worth it. Food was fantastic:) love the tzaziki sauce! Delicious
Took the sushi lunch box to go. Good portion size and everything was great. Would highly recommend
Dr. Loo is a kind man, who honestly cares about what your ailments are, and making them better.
Good food! The caribbean wings and westcoast dog are my favorites
The best, and by all means try the Bacon wrapped chili appetizer.
Comfortable energy in this contemporary studio and very talented airbrush artist! Best in Phoenix!
love this place. the corned beef hash for breakfast is awesome
Its alright...over priced...everything is so expensive as expected lol
Owners are great! Service is excellent and all employees are friendly. Love it!
Really like this place. Good food and nice atmosphere. It's a good fit for this hotel (LINQ).
Thank you. Kids loved it and they had so much fun. They even couldn't leave the booth.
Best place to eat. Gyros, chicken pita club, Greek Burger, chicken strips, fries. All delicious!!!
Great store and location. Two  different areas of iced tea. The breakfast all day is fun.
Very good sushi! 4-7 is happy hour and sushi is $5 a roll. The service is very good too!!
great customer service! ally is amazing!! good food, good machines!
killer fish and chips--great local beer on tap--excellent service--Lincoln Park prices--nice!
This is for Dirty Blondies...Nice place just NO one in there...Very dead
Absolutely delicious food and fantastic service from Esther herself. Will definitely be back.
Dr. Wurm is the best! So caring and likable.
Great food! Always a wait. No reservations the day of. Service can be slow when they are super busy.
my favourite sushi in town with great price and absolutely gorgeous food!!
Soo good. Friendly staff. Nough said
Very decent Mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised to find this in the Stratosphere.
Great food, met expectations and decent price. Burrito bowl is a great bang for your buck.
Really great menu options and the restaurant is gorgeous. Patio seating for a sunny day.
Nice place but bakery selection is very limited.  Also, they do not have dark roast coffee
Great friendly service, the BBQ steak burrito was the bomb best steak burrito I've had.
Great place, can't beat the $1 oysters for happy hour but entrees little pricey for what you get
Really solid Asian fusion. They do a good job. Everything I've ever ordered has been delicious.
Great food, nice ambience, price goes up to $105 per person now. Quality Lobster, and Shrimp.
Best fish and chips in Richmond hill hands down!
Good people, great food. Best sandwich I've ever had. Order smoked turkey.
Excellent food, always a long wait. This is not an every day place more like special occasions
Awesome food, bring your appetite!! The chicken waffles were to die for... Easily feeds two!
It's like your one friend who tries so hard to be cool when they're already good.
Simply delicious, Everytime I go to Vegas, I stop by here to get my meat fest on
This place.. Is ok if ur grabn something quick .. But they do have a great happy hour tho
Service was great, the waitress was very helpful and fast on her feet. The food was very good
I ordered the lobster and hand crafted pasta...doesn't get any better than this!
 
Playgrounds, train ride, and carousel Great place for a play date or family outing with the littles
Very happy with this salon, as always. And close to home! Always nice and friendly here.
Worth the wait.  The pizza is fabulous,  along with any other dish you may be in the mood for!
You can NEVER go wrong with Tommy Bahama's restaurant.  Save room for the coconut cake!
Great wings great service. Your average small town bar!! Enjoy my time each visit I have!!
Very classy! Love the 25+ crowd on Wednesdays.   Music was alright but def a place to visit.
I was blown away by the menu, my lunch and the kind people who work here.
French onion soup is to-die-for, the rest of the food was just okay.
Quick place to grab lunch and some dim sum.  Reasonably priced and pretty tasty.  Good location.
The tomato gin soup is always good with the AZ egg rolls.
Bad burgers and even worse service!! If you want a great burger go to In and Out!!
Good and fast service. Favorite sandwich place I love the chicken steak. Staff is always nice!
The ribs are excellent and the BBQ beans are even better and great service,fries are good also
great food! i had the beef kabob and tabbouleh salad wit side of hummus.  my new go to place!
Great service because of Ed but really Bdubs- how do you run out of Guinness?? Come on now!!!
Food here is great. Staff is very friendly when dining in. One of the best pizza places around.
Amazing street tacos! Even better is their happy hour and taco Tuesday prices on them!
They need to serve water in a smaller glass . Food was cold by the time it came to me.
I just love costco!!! Hope one day I will work for this company!! The food court!! Yammy!!
Great coffee, nice breakfast - old music.  Worth a stop, a cup and quick bite.
love their squid ink pasta and their tiramisu is so wonderful. such a gem at yonge and finch!
Matt the bartender was fun. The place is nouveau but fun,". The food is fabulous. Large portions!
The price is a little bit high, but food is good and the sides are refiiled quickly.
I have NEVER laughed harder.  Extremely talented and very entertaining.
My fav Thai for takeout. Their Thai tea is phenomenal! Always full but little to no wait.
Excellent chicken, empanadas, yucca, and green sauce. Impressive flavors and quality.
Always good food and great service . I love the tomato soup and the burgers!! Can't go wrong here!
On time, professional, quick.  Always calls with test results.  5 star service.
Won't be going back to this place anytime soon.
They have the best chocolate ever and they give out really good serving sizes for the price
It was amazing and delicious. Loved the healthier options and the pressed juices, must go!
Folino's is no longer in business. This was also known as Tom's Diner and Penny's Diner.
Very fast service and the food is great! Came here first time to order to go. Would be back!
General Manager Tom made our day! It is a very busy restaurant however they are doing great job!
There was only one server butttt she was working the place big ups to her!!!!
 
Don't bother making an appointment at this place. They have no idea who you are upon arrival.
The tacos are tasty and affordable! I love that flour tortillas are an option!
Great buffet breakfast. But no FoxNews, and no 24 hour coffee in the lobby. Starbucks 2 miles away.
Always clean, quiet. Great selection of DVDs and CDs. Great indoor/outdoor play area for kids.
Cute back patio, fun vibe, good food. Solid spot.
This was an awesome pizza named the Brooklyn Bridge. We also had a s salad for 2. Good place .
This is hands down the best delivery pizza ever! Almost gourmet pizza at a good price! So tasty!
The dishes were so blank. Falafel was good though. Other than that the buffet was a disappointment
So good for just a few skewers of yummy meat on the way to more food. Slow service.
Owner is a total DB. He was so rude, and was pissed that I couldn't pay cash, told me I was done.
Delicious!!!!! Grilled cheese sliders, fries, pretzel fondue, and onion dip are all amazing!!!!
Bonne bi re, bon repas et excellent service.
Awesome.  Great food & service. We'll be back very soon.  Tikka Masala is one of the best I've had.
The best nail salon in Laval! Always so clean and quick, I will never use another nail salon
Favourite date spot. Best service, best music, best overall vibe, best food, best drinks.
O, and the olive dip and bread they give you before the meal is excellent.
If you are an Oregon Duck fan this is the place to watch the games. Friendly staff great fans.
Authentique, simple et simplement bon! Le guacamole est extra et les tacos d licieux.
Extremely nice Asian lady behind the counter. The honey mustard chicken was phenomenal!
Brandon is awesome! He gave me great customer service. The tea is delicious. I will be returning!
Best tacos hands down! Just opened up and thought I'd go check it out and was blown away. Awesome!
Great service and their Chili Colorado is a must. Enjoy a margarita as well. Very tasty!!!
This place I love the burgers are always great food us always hot. Thank you so much.
I have been here a couple of times and always like what I get. The salmon is really nice.
Your a long way from Starbucks homie.   They do coffee right.  Enjoy!
Food was delicious. Atmosphere was fun, upbeat, and welcoming. Very authentic French cuisine!
Good coffee with interesting options. Nice local place.
Been going here awhile. Great knowledgeable staff. Always expedient, courteous, and willing to help.
Great atmosphere and good food!  Staff is very good as well!!  Great steaks,  sandwiches & wings!!!!
Clean atmosphere, good burgers just need better lettuce and tomato, not wilted and not unripe.
Love this place and the atmosphere. Workers are really friendly and the ice cream is amazing
We've had Ichiban sushi a few times and it's delicious.  Recommend it. :)
Cheap. HUGE wonton. Fast. SO GOOD.   Their spicy chili oil is bomb too.
The line was ridiculous. I waited two hours to get to the rental counter. Never again!
Long wait time, stuffy upstairs compartment and not great attitude for service. Food was good though
The food takes forever at breakfest. Cooled food when it gets to you.. do not watse ur time or money
Attended a Beer pairing dinner! All of the food and service were excellent
This is one of the nicest hotel lounges in Montreal. Easy parking, nice ambiance, good service
Amazing service. Amazing food. Would definitely recommend over other crab boil places.
It's like Lux, but smaller, and that's ok. Cool vibe, good coffee.
Numerous kinds of guacamole is good enough for me.
As a rule excellent always.  Friendly service, fresh and speedy service.  A guarantee anytime.
Absolutely great service! Our waitress was Sara and she took such great care of us! Great dinner!
Amazing food at a cheap price - $1.99 hot dogs, $3.99 jumbo hot dogs, $5 chicken slider meals...yum
Wow. It really was worth all the hassle that goes along with getting cirque de soleil tickets.
The Chorizo Tacos and Guacamole were A-mazing, but the Sangria was just so-so.
awesome beer and amazing pizza. Get the buffalo chicken pizza!!!
Great service nice restaurant . Good portions of food.
Everything seemed fine until they added 33% to the price in fees and taxes... Crooked ass crooks.
Good quality food and taste amazing . Better than fredrick or any other hakka restaurant in Toronto.
One of my favorite spots for AYCE. Nigiri rice to fish ratio is excellent. Overall dope place
Very nice environment. Prices a little spendy but the experience is well worth it.
Love this place! Great prices, great services and great staff!!! LOVE NENE!! Ask for her!
Low prices & excellent selection.  Who knew living in Vegas would be so freakin' cheap.
Great Coffee and Teas, Is a Mobile Service so you need to check the events or Twitter Account.
Great selection of music, books and movies.   Cheap prices and excellent staff!
I won't go anywhere else. Ask for Freddy the  new manager. He is honest and very professional!
definitely most reliable friendly quality service in this part of las vegas.
Nice restaurant and bar, great seafood (try the lobster risotto), and scotch/cigar bar next door.
Liked the food and the service was great for take out on a Saturday night
Made your way! Make the perfect "PIE"! Any place where you can get garlic infused pizza I'm there!
Great place, great service and authentic Italian fare. The fresh bread is outta site!!
Good value for your money. Plenty of food. Taste was comparable to Federics and Lin Garden.
I am a regular customer here. I am always treated well, and they give excellent pedicures.
Good food , music and drinks. Recommend the Baja fish Taco and cucumber Serrano margarita.
Ambiance was great, waitress was cute and helpful, the food was YUMMY...
They have THEE BEST chicken shwarma & fatouche salad in York region!!!
They serve spaten Oktoberfest year round! Great brots, potato pancakes, and pretzel bread!
The food was pretty good and the service was decent,  would definitely recommend to others
Alex at Rapid iPhone Repair is awesome!  Quick, professional, and quality workmanship.
I only Paid $99 so for that it was a nice place to stay...... I'd go again... very quiet.
Great food, prices are more reasonable when you use their Q club coupons!
Disastererous on line banking. I give up after 7 years. To much trouble. Changing banks.
Great spot for ramen lunch and ice beer. I'd come back for a good bowl of ramen anytime.
Great  wedge salad!  Very good margherita  pizza. Excellent service!
Extremely rude and lacking any customer service skills! Never coming back here
Steaks were the best we have ever had....service was awesome.  You gotta go!
Just got my vegan tacos in less than 5 min! Fresh and tasty! I'd definitely recommend this place.
Pig dip and pancake were life changing. Fig and bacon scone was a close third. This place rocks!
Food is great!  Fast and friendly service.  Get the meatballs and arugula salad.  So good!
Excellent Dinner.  Great food, service at a fair price. One of my favorites in Phoenix area.
Nice Staff...Nice Tatt. Thanks guys for making my last one a good one.
Amazing and wonderful Italian food!! Homemade noodles and sauce. A great find!
Overpriced, food is so-so, not better than in Olive Garden.
Great customer service, not stuffy, down to earth folks, and the best cheesecake south of NYC!
So cool people and kind I like them work really good resolution to do your tattoos there.
Awesome and yummy as usual!  Too bad the Brooklyn location closed!
Love this bar! Ashley is my fav bar tender so nice and knows how to make a good martini ;)
Phong did a great job resizing my wifes ring, fast and affordable.
All you need to know is that you can EAT THE MENU. No literally, it's made of rice paper. Boom.
Super awesome cheap insurance and very friendly staff!!
I run this every morning, love it. It's clean, safe, and dog friendly. I love the mile markers.
I think by far the best corned beef hash breakfast in town!  Thanks!
The baby back ribs were really good along with all of the sides.  Nice portions on the sides.
Love it! And my kids love it, too!  The holiday lights display begins December 10, 2010! Can't wait!
Awesome place. Sweet staff and my dog has soooo much fun there. Well worth it!
Fun environment, great coffee! The caramel latte is amazing!  Bonus points for stocking Bruks bars!
Nice new spot on North Scottsdale, good plug in situation and outdoor and indoor areas to chill.
Big fan of yume! Great sushi at really good prices. Only drawback is they don't offer brown rice :(
It was fair. Food OK. Friendly staff but missing the mark on flavors. Rather plain. Overall OK
I have been coming here for years for my eyebrow waxing!   kim always does the most amazing job!
Great place to have a nice brunch or watch the game. The OJ is fresh and squeezed daily.
Great Service Logan... just move back to Arizona great food great beer great  service
Tastey italian ice really hit the spot
Low sanitation score and the entire restaurant seemed to be sticky and greasy.  Need I say more?
Friendly people. Fixed my game that GameStop said was unfixable. Robbie is the man.
Big bathroom, comfortable bed and pillows - AC unit is hit and miss.
This is a terrific place.   Great food and services.
Yes, this place is good, my kid enjoyed making his own pizza.
Snooze cafe is an experience with good food added. Fun wait staff.
Cheapest gas around. Whaddya want? The Texaco guy from 1950s America?  I want cheap gas!!
Great pizza and atmosphere. Better selection of toppings than other self make pizza places.
amazing service..delicious food and wonder presentation of food
Great variety, but pricey. Carload is my first choice in BWV
All I can say is Macadamia Nut Encrusted Goat Cheese was AMAZING!!
Great prices on so many things!  Check back often as they get new stock all the time.
Great authentic food with great service! Greasy deliciousness. Definitely will be back!
Highly recommended I'm a huge fan of their Philly cheese sandwich!
Great all vegan menu. Attentive staff and bright environment.  Very tasty.
Nice hotel, will stay here again.  Clean, quiet, comfortable.  Breakfast is not included.
One of my favourite bakeries! Everything is so good here!!
Very good food, okay service, bit pricy. And you can reach the WiFi from linq (its free)
OMG, their breakfast sausage link from the carver station is COLD !
Great job cleaning our rugs. Area rugs turned out very clean. On time and the price was right.
Wonderful brows and eyeliner now! I wish I did this sooner!
Awesome time with the staff , they are the best . And the food is out of this world.  Love you guys
I went twice and Ingrid did great job in my hair. She do a blow out and I got lots compliments
Super service within a great environment! The dinner was great for the adults and kids as well.
Hands down best Pho in town! Love it every time
Josh was awesome. Very helpful and thorough. I will definitely use this company again.
I loved everything. The fish was sublime. The rolls were great and the vibe was AWESOME...
Amazing quality sushi for its price.. and their staff is really nice too. Would definitely come back
Good breakfast menu, good tacos, nachos, fries are a nice surprise. Breakfast is good stuff.
Bad experience. The shrimps and oysters are not fresh ,also Overpriced . Not recommended
They replaced the windshield in my 2012 Subaru Impreza, work was quick, efficient, and high quality.
Get the combo, SO tasty.  I liked the beef better than the chicken.
Have an Arrogant Bastard for me, will ya?
Great car wash and coffee. A little pricey, but what do you expect for North Scottsdale.
Best pizza ever . Every time in family comes from india this place is always in their must haves !
Delicious and fresh food! Always look forward to it, and my kids constantly ask to go back.
I would like Thank Taylor and her Manager for the comp ticket last Friday the Biz Markie show
Convenient location.   Nice supply of greeting cards
Sadly after two trys, I left. They could not cook the pancakes right. I hate wet middles.
Excellent breakfast. Great service. Super friendly. Loved the local food. Can't wait to go back!
Had an amazing time. Shannon the manager was amazing. Try the Barbacoa tacos and blood margarita.
Jeff was very knowledgeable and friendly. Fast first class service, I'd highly recommend.
Dinner was poor service, bad food and too expensive.  Good location for happy hour only.
Much better than anticipated! Great toppings and big slices at a fair price.  Very satisfied!
the lady who watch the shop was super nice and friendly to me when i ran out of detergent.
Wonderful meal and friendly service. Glad that they stay open late. I love the music here.
I'd rather stick needles in my eyes while chugging bleach than deal with a Comcast bill again.
Been here twice for help with my taxes. Great and friendly service. I would recommend this location.
Match Bubble Tea.  I've died and gone to heaven.  A great little find in downtown Cleveland.
Closed! Finally!  Bad beer, always slow and old games. Let's hope something good goes in.
Mind blowing fries, burger and one of the best shake. I would totally recommend to try it.
Awful service, the employees are lazy!!  Literally!! I won't be back.  Just shaking my head.
Fair at best S.D. not  mex food ... calli what it what it is buffet tacos. Lunch not dinnertime
Le did an awesome job on my nails. I'm going to request him when I go tomorrow for my fill.
The short rib was amazing as well as my cocktail. Service was 5 stars!
Some Associates have bad attitudes. I've given them a few chances. Not nice!
Overrated sums it up Sapphires or Olympic garden Way better then this tourist trap.
A huge selection of flavors. I love how the wings are crispy! Great customer service!
Pros: - Authentic Filipino food.  Cons: - Dirty restrooms. - Not a good variety of food.
Great Korean restaurant. I tried lunch special 14.99. I order few times Togo too. GOOD service too
not the best fish burrito - not crispy enough. I prefer the burrito boyz for sure.
Awesome place.  Great workout.  Just a bit out of my price range.
If you want to wait an hour for 2 measly sandwiches and 2 beers this place is for you. Wtf!
Love this place!  Come by every time we are in town.  Great service, people and food day or night.
It's good and since they weren't busy really quick. Not mind-blowing pizza but I enjoyed it.
Loved this lil local dive!!  AMAZING burger and nice cold beer!
Pineapple coconut cookie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wow Wow Wow Muffins and donuts looked amazing.
Absolutely best brunch place in town! Only bad thing is, that it is so good, it is always crowded!
Love Cory Rob and Matt as long as they are here I will keep coming here . Best of the best
Really hate to tell y'all- there's no Fredricks of Hollywood in the Fashion Show Mall.
Rick has taken great care of my car the paint job is awesome and the trim work looks beautiful.
I fuckin love Walmart cheap food shopping
Meh... (I'm only writing this because they told me my review was too short... it really is just meh)
Super cool artsy decor. Awesome room clean and modern. Overall good value pricing and location.
Best experience of our trip. Similar to others experience. Food ambiance and service were top notch.
Awesome and Authentic Mexican Food, great service too, will recommend to anyone!
Authentic, delicious, friendly staff, clean. Great street tacos. You NEED To stop here!!
Great food, good service, reasonable prices. Came here with my family and was pleasantly surprised.
We LOVE Taxco! The best Sopa De Pollo ever and excellent staff! Highly Recommend!
I've had better auto rental ...poor customer service, limited pickup service, smelly car
Great atmosphere. Staff was fantastic! Had a good time @ happy hour....we will be back
Love this team! Very professional. Highly recommend. Great location for those in North valley
Great job on adjusting my pants and was surprised when she told me it will be done the next day.
Great service and drinks. I recommend requesting Austin and ordering a hot skinny martini marg!
Fantastic creamy milk stout was a highlight of our evening here. Sliders were terrific as well.
Yummy in my tummy ...So delicious...I'm here every month and their donuts are always nice and fresh
My spray tan lasted 7 days!
Nice place, helpful staff to figure out the system. Free samples to see what you like. .39 an ounce.
Excellent food. Went to Christmas party there. Had a great time. Excellent Mojito's.
I like their fireplaces. This is the only time I want to hang out at Caribou
the blueberry crepe is absolutely yummyyyyy:) lovely little breakfast place in downtown montreal !
Very good work and last for monger time Co spring with other nails shop.  Highly recommend it
I loved the atmosphere and the server was very nice. The music wasnt too noisy.
Did not have a fun time here. Staff were rude. I felt like a sardine. Do not go.
My guests and I had a great time.  They will never forget itt.
Only one sentence needed:  Best strawberry shakes.
Nice environment, okay foods. Might be hard to find parking if you arrive at the peak time.
Great Spa opened near my house. Very clean here and staff are nice - ask for Tony he is great!
Very friendly workers, yummy nachos! I recommend that you try it while you're at The D!
Long-standing Toronto institution promoting healthy sexuality, fun and education.  SHOP HERE!
Chef Antonio is the best thing that's happened to this place....out of this world....
This place was PACKED. Drinks were on point. And the guy that served us was super nice and diligent.
I highly recommend the turkey sandwich. Best turkey around. Certainly their specialty.
Ver nice ambience. Clean place. Affordable and good food! Worth the money you pay for..
Koi Lounge
Awesome new spot in Oakwood Village, karaoke Wednesday, live indie music, food & drink
I like this mall, its pretty big and enjoy visiting this mall whenever I go to Vegas.
Great pizza and friendly atmosphere.  Recently got some craft beers available.  Much needed.
Loved this place. Great food, atmosphere and our waitress, Cindy was perfect! Can't wait to go back!
LOVES it!  Extra star for the amazing dome-sky/clouds and lighting.
While not as good as Fiesta Burrito, this place is an okay substitute.
Hit the place for lunch almost weekly. Pho Nam says it all.
Nom nom nom.
My favorite place in Phoenix ...food never fails and the Swamp Thing cocktail is amazing!
Kim is the bomb lasher!!! Awesome tech with perfection technique!!! I wouldn't go to anyone else.
Decent but not as large as the other H&M at Caesars
I love this gallery. It is a beautiful space. We saw a live musical event for first night.
This laundry center always is here and I'm thankful especially when your water is out
Absolutely incredible from beginning to end!!! Food, service, and overall experience was top notch.
Consistently great food as other review have said. One of my favorite restaurants!
I wasn't happy with the shape of my eyebrows.  She didn't arch them.
Always plenty of smiles, good customer service.
Exactly what you expect. Quick and easy with plenty of spots for car washing and vacuuming.
Food - ok Service - ok Menu - ok  So, it was ok, but for the overpriced pirice, I expect a lot more.
Fair and honest dealer, been great for coin purchases/sales.  I highly recommend them.
The lunch crowd was packed... The wait for seating for 2 was 15 minutes, but the service was good.
Excellent cocktails, good food, so-so service.  Closes pretty early.
Best frozen yogurt around! Try the taro with some blackberries and strawberries on it.
Tiny little place but perfect for a small snack like on Mondays and Tuesday $1 taco night
Service is waaaaay to slow and there is no drink refills. I dont think I will be coming back
Good food and service.  The servers go above & beyond the call of duty.  Worth a visit
Very professional service.  My truck looks amazing.  It's looks brand new.
Love the little, hidden away cafe. Great food and wine!
It's pretty good but a little too pricey.  There's better and cheaper Asian places in Squill.
Great food with splendid seating arrangements and decor.
Good food with great service. The atmosphere is nice and the dishes are all at decent prices.
This is a hidden gem in Tempe. Best sandwich shop in Phoenix! Ask for a side of magic when ordering.
Their food is fantastic and I like that the owner was the chef. Definitely a diamond in the rough.
Love the flavored crusts! I only get cheese so I couldn't say much on toppings.
best steak in AZ.  I am usually a ribeye fan but don't pass up the filet.
Great service and love the styles. The girls there are really helpful putting things together.
the BEST chicken Marsala on the planet!!! really.  everything made to order fresh great people too
Super really nice people, and great selection of glasses.
Great Happy Hour Taco's!  Two-words of advice: Queso Fundido.
Staff was so helpful, the product is priced perfectly and we were so pleased with our photos!
Five stars for the roasted turkey sandwich and white chocolate blonde brownie. Great waitstaff.
Great sandwiches!!  Huge! Wings are amazing.  Beer selection may be best in the city.
Not enough sauce, cheese was like rubber, crust had no flavor. Won't be ordering again.
Outstanding ophthalmologists have finally made it to the southwest valley.  Glad to have them here.
I am a big fan of their Lime Fish Tacos! Good place, fresh veg, fast service, good value!
Quaint place with friendly service and good food.  Daily specials for breakfast and lunch.
C'etait ma premiere poutine, et je reviendrai a Montreal!
The food was EXCELLENT the service was EXCELLENT!!!! A must visit. The inside is inviting and nice.
Incredible show!! Very creative and interesting. I was so pleased and we gave a standing ovation.
Regulation Indian restaurant in the USA. Watered down food for the most part. But not bad.
Rushed service, not a lot of time or detail spent on the pedicure.
I love this bar! Owners are friendly, staff is awesome and efficient! Come check it out
The trifecta is three tasty little burgers. Love the fries to. The also have really good breakfast.
Reasonably priced and lots of walking in and stretching. Friendly ladies. All some English.
Good food. Good Service. Great live music--gratuity paid for live music.
Great customer service, painless carefree brazilian wax, felt minimal pain. Will go here again
Best chicken sandwich in Charlotte ! Get the limeade and sit on the patio  And don't forget dessert
Can be hit or miss depending on when you arrive. Foods typically pretty good and affordable.
OK food, fair service. Empty at lunchtime is a red flag.
The chicken shawarma was amazing!! Hummus was a little runny, but everything else was great!
Mango slush was too icy, with big chunks of ice.  It was like a snow cone with boba at the bottom.
Good Bean and Cheese burrito, also love the red salsa.
Tatiana is the best. I received a great haircut. I highly recommend Tatiana.
Good moules, good beer. Brought back memories from Belgium, so definitely a place to go.
Had the Mofongo with Carne Frita and it was delicious! Loved the very calm and relaxing environment.
Exceeded our expectations. Food was amazing and service was incredible to boot! Will be returning
Great man's haircut.  Very short wait time.  My place for haircuts from now on.
Absolutely love the hours of this place since I'm always up late. The food is also a plus.
Great show I went with family and friends really had a good time beautiful performance great invent
Very friendly staff and awesome food on of my favorite places, keep it up guys,  Shawrma is life lol
Excellent Moroccan food, especially enjoyed the beef tagine.
Best Queso in town. Love burritos and the taco salad.
Nice place to stop for a Bloody Mary and football game after a morning hike.
Excellent crepes, we had a savory and a sweet.  Friendly owner.  Coffee in a really big cup.
Walking dead gear. Best horror store in town.
Service is great but drinks are crazy overpriced. You don't get what you pay for at Eyecandy.
Best place in phx! I love the jack fruit sandwich! It's a fun atmosphere with great people.
Love my pink and white full set!! Jantra rocks!! She's here Mondays, Tuesdays, and Fridays!!
Great Sunday bruch buffet.  Great selection.  About average priced.
The food is decent for Cleveland.  Margaritas are delicious!!! The guacamole is to die for.
Only come here if you want cold food with nowhere to sit. 45 minute wait for a freaking milkshake
I'm utterly terrified of this store. I opt to drive a few miles to Frys instead.
Barbecue pizza was okay, the the jicama fries were not. Not sure if I would eat here again.
Best Mexican food in town! Greatest customer  service around and not to mention, cheap prices.
Excellent place drove 15 miles just to come there. Food was all fresh. Taste was A-1.
We absolutely love this place - they have the best donairs in the city - without a doubt.
Love happy hour pricing, can't go wrong with a Big Ass Burger. HuckleBerry Margarita is great
Very delicious thai food! I got the Crab fried rice. Sweet and salty and perfect to my liking!
Authentic Italian and freshly made! Recommend to anyone wanting good Italian on the Strip
great thai restaurant LOVE their spicy basil chicken,pork,beef!!
Great food - nice place for a casual night - lots of sports on the TV
Whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner, this is the best place to eat in Gilbert. Hands down.
Very very good food and great atmosphere will definitely come back every time we come to Vegas
Just like the location in Hawaii which I have craved for years. Such unique flavors
I go for the buffet. I have no idea what I'm eating but it tastes great.  The service is excellent!
Very pleased with Camelback Kia and Jason Fuhs Service Advisor. He is always willing to help.
Excellent service, highly recommended. My experience has been delightful and will come again.
Not great but worth revisiting! The grilled chicken sandwich was awesome!
It was a very pleasant meal. Service was excellent! Will definitely come back. :)
Love seeing the friendly staff and getting my coffee here!
Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
Fabulous food, ambiance, staff.... Love this place....
Great, fresh food. Nice people. Cash only, but not a big deal. Great lunch / dinner take out spot!
Always refreshing. Never disappoints. Been here several times and everything is top notch !
Just like the Toby Keith song says,,,, I LOVE THIS BAR!'
Great food and AMAZING service! Gary definitely went above & beyond for us! Thanks Gary I'm stuffed!
Food is pretty good above the expectation drink is cheap place to tray is you are in this area
Stop with the Christmas tree in the chicken and waffles please. Kept it simple.
Commercial Italian at best. Agree with Christine. Go somewhere else for more authentic flavors.
They get shipments of already cooked doughnuts and just glaze them there. Fake doughnuts!
Amazing ribs and pulled pork. I love having the BBQ sauce options as well. Definitely coming back
These guys have been here forever, and they still kick ass. Awesome gelato and bread.
Really poor service, had to bring back the same shirt 3 times to have the button sewed on.
Decent slices of combo. Fresh baked and fill in the needs. Service was super friendly!
Ate here 3 nights in a row while staying at the bellagio. Very great service and food.
lousy service white trash central
Very good place to dine for a reasonable price. The food is delicious. Dim Sum is awesome.
Cozy place, not very big, but great food and wine and good happy hour prices!
All i can say is YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY for strippers!!!!! My nudie bar of choice in Vegas.
Zero responses to four emails. Had some good interactions with Stonegate previously.
Such a laid back place where the  manager  goes the extra mile.. Went during the jazz festival..
Friday's type food. Fast friendly service! Always a good meal and a good time at Friday's.
friendly staff, great daily deals on drinks and food. the wings are highly recommended.
Nice small place. Great tacos and had a comfortable seat outdoors. Friendly server. Will go back.
cozy atmosphere, pleasant music, delicious pizza, nice hookah, excellent staff with good service.
Probably the best place in Paradise Valley for bagels they also serve a really nice breakfast.
Good customer service and great beer. Odd location but definitely worth the trip.
Fantastic beers! Happy hour  good food too, a really pleasant way to people watch from a patio!
great server, slow slow slow kitchen.
A great cleaning as usual and the follow-up went smoothly. Love everyone there.
Lazy Jane's is a gem. Good food, great atmosphere, the perfect breakfast place on Willy St.
Disappointing because NY Bagel Cafe is so good, this is not the same quality. Service was terrible.
Yumm.  Great burgers.  They taste as good as it smells.  Huge portions.  Staff is very friendly.
Great drinks in the midst of a lovely and growing old downtown.
Wow. Not good, I can't even come up with a better statement than that. The sushi wasn't fresh...
The best gelato I have ever had. An AZ favorite for sure. Super clean and lots of variety !
Excellent happy hour. Really good service. Super nice inside. Queso fondido is excellent.
Their primrib is good. Live music one time I went, trivia the next. Pretty fun
The wait staff and food was great! It was one of the best Caesar salads I've ever had.
Best Burger in town! If u dont mind to pay a little bit more, u get good quality food.
My favorite place to get an oil change. They are quick, efficent, and always friendly.
What can I say....you must check it out. Friendly staff, great food and fun outdoor eating area.
Very good. Loved the ambiance and the food is delicious and the people are super nice and friendly.
Amazing beef pancakes and hand pulled beef noodle soup! Quick and courteous friendly staff.
Great chips and salsa, delicious generous portions, and very nice staff.
Amazing experience. Best food, and better service! Try the chicken wings confit!
The service is great and very nice people. I would definitely come back because the sushi devine!
Good food, charming ambience, but so overpriced that all of its charm can't compensate.
CLOSED!  They have moved to San Tan Village. Talk about lame.
Wow! Every dish was unique and delicious and shockingly reasonable prices as well as friendly staff.
Nice job Jersey  Mike's.! Always a good sandwich with friendly service.
I love theirs chicken kabob and chicken curry. I always go totgis restaurant when I am in Vegas.
Best coffee, speedy service, and everyone is in a great mood. I love stopping here.
Cool Place. Great Music in the Jester room. Great prices and food
Bon resto, les produits sont frais et bon. Le prix est correct. Bon acceuil, on reviendra.
Had dinner there on Friday, it was deelish! Had the fresh salmon and crab cakes, very, very good!
Made with LOVE!! Wonderful food made by great peeps.
Nice food, intresting menu.
Great Margs, grilled fish tacos and salsa. Favorite place to eat fresh mex!
Best beer ever!! My husband and I had a blast. A must go! Great fun selection of unique tasty beer.
Top notch instructors, great community... could not be more happy to workout here!
Best Indian food in the city. Authentic yet stylish. Must visit this place if you are in Vegas!
My favorite place to eat in Vegas.. never a disappointment and the owner is always soo friendly
Great food. Fantastic neighborhood restaurant in Scottsdale. Nice service and interesting menu.
Went here for lunch today. Service was good. Sushi was yummy! I would definitely come here again!
Horrible. Should have done my yelp & google research before stepping foot inside. Never again!
The food and environment was good. It's worth checking out once if you live in the Pittsburgh area.
Loved this place. My son had a great time. It was clean. The food and coffee was wonderful.
Love their pastries, awesome veal sandwich, busy but worth the waiting.
The Jackfruit BBQ sandwich is the absolute best! I will travel just to eat that again!
Worst customer service I've ever experienced at a Cracker Barrel wish I could give the ZERO STARS !
Love this place! Great prices & fantastic service, very friendly staff.
Bomb food. This preggo mama has been looking for the perfect chicken fingers and I found them!!
Friendly staff. AS Organized as they can be with the limited space.
The best poke bowl I've ever tasted. Genuinely. Try the California poke bowl! Recommended
This is our go to place for sushi. Jennifer the owner is awesome and the sushi is freshest in AZ!
Sweet Potato tempura fries R soooo good~~~~~ Happy Hour is a must here
Not the biggest fan of Krispy Kreme, but the doughnuts were fresh and the dining area was clean.
Such nice staff and they give free samples so you know what you're buying! Worth the price
1st time stopping in, they did a great job!! A lot of attention to detail. Will come back.
The service and the food are equally amazing!! It's worth dining in :) I could eat here every day.
Staff are great, QT is the best, not their fault but too many bums. They need to hire security.
Love this place! Ordered the grilled calamari and lamb spiedini. Great location and fun atmosphere.
Phil and Sebastian makes a killer cappuccino. Cool vibe here at the old Simmons building.
This is a nice little hair shop. Very friendly stylists and a nice atmosphere. Would recommend.
Not bad. I enjoyed my chicken pho and the appetizer rolls were quite delicious. I'll be back.
So happy to see Andy'S Frozen Custard show up in Phoenix... James Brownie Funky is the best..
This place is awesome.   Classic food.  Great prices.  Recommend it to everyone. Big or small!!
Average food, great service, average prices. Ive had better pasta at olive garden.
Terrible. Portions are extremely small and the food is too salty. Be careful you have been warned.
Tasty mexican food. And great horchata.  The service is always fast and polite!
Great rotating menu and very reasonable.  Great service. The place is nice and intimate.
Delicious!  Loved the Veggie Lemon Chicken!!! Good service, good food. Quaint little place!
Open all night and has great desserts including gelato and sorbet.
First time visiting and EVERYTHING we ordered was delicious. My son loved the waffle tacos!
He moved to scottsdale now scottsdale road and shoeman ln, its called rich's cigars!
Super helpful, quick, and understanding. Life time warranty so totally worth getting phone fixed!!!
Reasonable price. Large helpings. Good service.
WOW!!! The best Pho restaurant  in Phoenix!!!!! I felt like I was back in California.
Eat here regularly, I get the Gyro and my wife the Lamb Slovaki and the fries are fabulous.
Such good, clean fun. HUGE pool, fun slides, great for the kids; I love this place.
Food is good!  The wait staff depends on who it is can be quite rude and not very accommodating!
Major sausage fest.  Nothing special.  The female bartenders were pretty hot though.
Mediocre food and service.  There are too many other choices in Toronto to bother with this place.
The service, the food, the environment was superb!  And the price for AYCE was affordable!
I like this place. The staff is nice and informative. The gym is always clean. No complaints here.
Brought in my boys to get haircuts.   Excellent and affordable service.  Thank you , Nick.
They opened one by our house and my son loves to go there! Very clean, service has always been great
Very helpful staff!  They were very patient took the time to show us how to stretch a canvas!
I love Italian so much ... I married one.  Place was great, and I look forward to my next visit
Summer.  Fresh. Local. Stella's Hot and Spicy Cheese Bread.   Madison, WI is the best.
Pizza is great, and hoagies are phenomenal! Top notch ingredients; worth every penny...
Food is ok, kind of bland. Chicken was chewy and cold. Nothing special about service either.
Does it really take 10 mins for a Frappuccino to wait in the drive thru line. Bad just bad
I can't explain how much I love this place! Just had the REDiculous and I'm so content right now.
Happy Hour is great and Taco Tuesday is awesome as well, but the service is TERRIBLE!!!
Gotta love how they ignore you and keep the doors locked nearly 15 minutes after they open.
Place few weeks before holidays is empty, almost every store has more employees than customers!!
My kids loved it.. 3, 4, 7 year old.. Perfect for a raining day or let the kids run around.
Love going to Snooze on the weekends! Have the best breakfast burrito and breakfast tacos!
It's good value for the money and the flavored in the gyro are very good.   I'll go back again.
Love this place! Their lunch special is a good deal, and their quality has always been consistent.
Great prices fast service! Wish they would Open up more seating in the "bar area" for happy hour.
Worst experience ever. Hated how chicken kebab tasted. The side salad was what I liked the most.
Went here with a large group, nice place and atmosphere,  enjoyed the food, service and price.
Ask for Diane! She's the best !!! Cottonball look so handsome and his haircut is amazing !!!
Never had a better brunch. Four starts becuase dinner is just OK. Great staff too
Charlotte institution that has gained all my business since the ugly Penguin divorce happened.
Best sushi we have found uptown Our other favorites in the city are Japango, Asuka and Omi
CLOSED!!!  Watch out for the dog ... Zero stars & queue the banjos ...
Awesome place. Nice shapely ladies. Will be a patron of again.
The food here was great I'll try the wings if you looking to drink eat and play a lil pool
The grape leaves and the Fatush with chicken are amazing.  Best I've had outside Jordan and Israel!
Topical 5 guys menu, but what make this place different are the extra friendly staff members!
Ate here last night, just about finished my dinner when a roach crawled on my table. Dirty
I love love love Mac Shack.  The Shrimp Scampi is the best!!
Service is absolutely horrible. No excuse at 315 in the afternoon with 4 tables sat...
Love their shreaded beef burro and wonderful chips and salsa wonderful employees great environment
Food was mediocre... guac was good. Service was awful... wouldn't make it a point to come back..
Freddie is so nice!!!! The drinks and pops are delicious. Excellent and speedy service.
Just had new carpet installed by Hughes' crew.  Did a terrific job.
I highly recommend this place...prices are reasonable and they have some fantastic artist!
Meh.
We had breakfast there. Basic breakfast, good service, overall good meal.
I got food poisoning!!!!! I'll never come back! And the baklava was not good.
Such a great show. They gave free Jell-O shots. It was very funny and sexy. Definitely a must watch.
Reasonably priced screen and LCD replacement for IPhone 8. They were friendly, competent and fast.
The staff was rude, and slow.  The food we ordered was salty.  I do NOT recommend this place.
Very cool place. Has lots of zombie related items for sale. Staff is excellent and very helpful.
This place is great, Great service, exceptional staff, and great tasting food. Going back tomorrow.
Food was great. Definitely one of the best lobster bisques I ever had. Well worth the money.
Typical Korean BBQ with fresh meat. Got seated fairly quickly for a group of 7. Good service!
This place makes me feel poor :'(
I love the chicken breast sandwich! Very friendly people and family-run for 30+ years!
I finally found a perfect donut place! And it's absolutely delicious! Must try for everyone!
The staff here is great!  Gene and his maintenance posse are on the job!  Thanks guys.
Burgers and drinks were good service and appetizers were not that great .
Had the vegetable ramen it was delicious, open 24/7. Very wide variety of food and good prices!!
Bbq duck wings are the best sause! The jalape o and buffalo are not spicy at all.  Bbq is sweet!
My Kids favorite place to go to swim, play or even run through their splash pad.. nice park!
Service is good! Food very plain. Nothing special.  I loved the local special in the bill...
Great ambience, good food, fun place to hang with friends.
Quick service and tasty food, the speed for having my order ready was very fast...freaky fast
Best meditation experience to date. Spent two sessions in their hanging silks. A must try.
I had dog damages on my carpet and now I have clean carpet floor. Very good company!!
Very Very Very slow. Seems they would rather bake bread and eat their own lunch than make yours.
Outstanding service on the weekend all provided by Amber!! Food is great and open 24/7.
Great pizza, built to order as you watch.  Cooked perfectly in a wood fired oven.
Staffs are friendly. Good deal on pre-set menu.
They are very helpful and they always have tasty sweets everyone can love. Like the small cafe feel!
Great Vegan food joint, much more flavorful than other spots. My wife loves it here!.
Always good stuff!  I love seeing something from Delaware when I travel!
called many times and left 2 vm never heard from them/her. weekdays or weekends wont return calls.
Small gym with limited equipment. Cleaner && friendlier atmosphere with the new employees.
Excellent food. Highly recommend A101 (fried shrimp rolls) and C59 (jasmine rice and pork chop)
My spot 4 a really genuine cacao treat. The Venezuelan as a hot chocolate  is my preferred.
The subs were amazing, price a bit high but worth it. I'd go back.
PORTIONS ARE HUGE...you have to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles!
Cheapest gas station near the Las Vegas airport.
I love the heavenly painted ceiling that lines the whole range of shops!
Very friendly, helpful and the place was very clean. Prices are fair and I will definitely be back
Fantastic. Get a corned beef on rye, and you'll be happy.
Outstanding gyros, love this place. It is my Greek restaurant of choice when I'm in Tempe.
Best sushi in town the service is great and everyone is friendly always enjoy eat here
Good coffee, friendly workers.  Much much better then the previous owners brew.
Very fast and friendly service. They always offer samples.  The restaurant is always clean.
Uniquely flavored pizzas.  You have to try at least once if visiting Madison.
Had a sad veggie wrap and diet soda. Not unusual for airport food.
Love the new decor looks great inside can't wait to come back and try something off the food menu.
Great food.  Poor service since they were so busy.  I would definitely go back for the pancakes!
Love this place!  Oishi-licious!  A repeat customer...never a disappointment when I return!
Try the Strawberry mochi,  one of my favorites and i recommend it to the hawaii peeps
Great customer service ! Real professional! Definitely coming again  Thank u MR lEVY
its always good as i expected. my family enjoyed it. Even my parents who is over 80 enjoyed too.
$.35 chicken wings on Wednesday!  $5.00 breakfast specials before 6AM
Great place to get good food and tasty beers a flight of beers and the jack o does the trick.
Great magician. He did my son's bday party. Highly recommend him for kids of all ages.
I had a glass replacement a number of years ago and they did a very good job Murray Choran
"One shot or two?  Same price."  Make it a double.  Cool.
Excellent service, but the bartender didn't know what infusion meant on the HH vodka prices. :/
Quick and inexpensive! Get Korean food on the far SW side.
Amazing food, amazing whiskey, amazing beer. Right next to Majestic, absolute tour highlight
We love this place. Great happy hour! Steaks are very good. Patio seating is very nice.
Awesome spot! Great service, artsy decor, delicious food and a good view of the strip.
The Administration does not care about customer royalty. Many issues. Not like it used to be.
Shared  Cuban and jibarito sandwiches . Both were very good. Staff is friendly . Place is clean !
Fast service, great price! Will definitely return for repairs
Horrible food, weird chicken.  My fianc  got sick afterwards.
Discount fees for accident victims, It's about time! It's crazy how that sticks in my head lol
Great food, great flavor just the salsas need to improve a lot
Bartender sees me walk in but no greeting. Waited about 10 min but no service so I left.
Super accommodating to food allergies/intolerances. Amazing food.
Freaking awesome highly recommend the OMG. Loved the hit sausage!  Friendly old time atmosphere.
Terrific scones, baquettes, Camu, really a awesome bakery - a taste of Paris in Villeray
Always helpful and fast service. Compitive pricing as well.
Delicous food and age appropriate guests. Nice decore and great wine list. Stay classy, Sage.
Very attentive service, great authentic food and tasty margaritas! Highly recommend the molcajete!
Service is quick.  Food is good.  Price is right.  Great for a quick business lunch.
If I could give zero stars I would. It's been over a year and absolutely nothing!!
Yes , Food was great . You really get you're money's worth .
Paninis are great and the price is low. Servers are really friendly. Love this place.
Good experience all around. Bought a mattress for our guest room.
nice place to shoot some pool have a drink and play some video poker ..
Great place to get a hair cut, great customer service also, my grandson had a wonderful experience
Great place. Best fade I've had in a while. Very nice efficient staff. Beautiful Ethiopian women.
Ok food wayyyyyyyy overpriced I'm not sure how a family of 5 should cost $125 at a Chinese buffet
Service is a bit spotty but great food made it all worth it.
I've seen about 4 Cirque shows and this is hands down, THE best show in Vegas. Period.
BEST TACO SPOT EVER!!! I'm not even exaggerating everything here is good mulas, tacos, asada fries!!
The food was amazing and the kiddos loved it!! My favorite was the the house fried squid- trust me
Great Mexican food for a great price. They open late, so that's a huge plus for late night cravings!
Great food & warm atmosphere... the owner was wonderful and inviting. Loved our experience!
A great happy hour! Garbage tots and a bourbon and ginger were exactly what I didn't know I needed.
Best Tacos EVER! That green sauce is magic in my mouth.
Cheap quality food, hostile service though. Not my cup of tea, but it may be for others....
Gotta love Donatos pizza in Ohio!
Excellent Pizza - try the Specials!  Great Service!! Very quick!!  Thoroughly recommended!
Good food, staff is awesome and purdy flowers in yo drink!
Awesome food selection and very friendly staff! Such a great healthy restaurant to have in Charlotte
Nothing fancy but great food at a good price. Always friendly service. Do take Credit Cards
Very friendly staff and the food is excellent! Our favorite Thai food in Madison!
food was amazing. their desserts are exceptional. and their service is great! thoroughly enjoyed
Great hipster bar/club. Awesome vibes and music, especially friday nights.
Professional staff all the way! See Stacy, she is the best waxpert I've ever had!
Very fast estimate and very nice to deal with. We decided to buy new instead of repairing the old.
3 star accurate and not worth $21 for breakfast.  Friendly servers.  Not much to report here.
Hidden gem. Hummus is amazing. Really stellar salads, and of course chicken is delish
Nashville, smore waffle, ballast point. Outdoor seating, great views, very affordable and delicious
Fixed a laptop screen kept us informed the whole time with frequent updates and at a great price
Loved our experience! Food was wonderful, such a variety, and the atmosphere was adorable!
Great NY style pizza.  High quality, fresh ingredients.  Great value for the price.
Best pizza in Madison and some of the best I've ever had. You guys nail it every time we order.
stops breakfast at 11, I have to type more to publish this. wonder how many more words are needed
This damn place is freaking joke. Every time I come over here wait time is damn half an hour.
Great place! The food is priced as it should be and the portions are generously applied.
Very good and fresh seafood! Excellent service and nice resto! Everyone should try this place. :)
Super lecker Yeah Und die pancake flatrate ist gigantisch  Toller netter Laden mit klasse Service
I do like their Al dente pasta.  Unagi don pasta sauce was excellent.
Love their pizza.   Friendly staff and fast delivery.   Best pizza in Moon.  Good prices too.
Great - friendly front desk; good breakfast; clean room.
Fantastic, authentic Chinese!  LOVE!  The Turnip Cakes...A...Mazing!
Pros: Great unique flavors.. get the Cookie Monster! Fun spot.   Cons: Not a lot of outdoor seating.
Brendan is great! Works wonders to get you back to normal!!!!
Great specialty pizza and service even though it was quite busy.
Great atmosphere, fabulous hibachi, amazing sushi! Perfect for a night out with friends or family!
$5 sat lunch deal on sat, and happy hours are the best deals in town
This place is awesome.. Yum yum sauce! Of you like a good Japanese steak house this is the spot!
Non smoking. No slot machines. Nice big suite with pull out sofa. Walking wasn't terrible
Always find a gem or two! Love having a local record store around.
Really great for all you can eat sushi! I highly recommend the garlic tuna and to come on a Monday
Garlic eggplants were good, pork chops over rice were good too !
Singapore fried noodles are unbelievable. Get them extra spicy!!  Great service!  Great food!
The best sushi in Brampton. Service is always quick. Highly recommended.
Amazing vape shop with top notch service. Helped me out in a pinch and found me the best juice.
Can't remember a time when they got an order right and I didn't have to wait over 20 minutes for it
Great Mexican food, more than generous food portions also nice location in the resort town.
Cute place, nice ambience, not enough of a cider selection- but lots of martini's.
Good sandwiches at a fair price.  Great spot for a weekday lunch.
Service and food was very "ok"  nit bad, but to pricey in my opinion.
Very nice ! Friendly staff and very good Mexican food. You have to try its "Taco Tuesday".
Solid sandwiches any time of day.  Super friendly but can get very busy at lunchtime.  Order ahead.
$4 for 3 fish tacos!!! What's not to like!! Best fish taco I've had!!  Give this place a try!!
Really good hair cuts, only thing i dont like their website there is no option for cash pay.
James, the bartender is awesome. Love the creative and unique menu. Must stop in Champaign.
Great food and great service... Much better price than the kbbq in LA... The quality is also good
Neat little clean store. Very helpful staff. A ton of supplies. Neat , clean , and very organized.
Just so good... never had a bad bite.  Chocolate chunk cookie and lemon blueberry are legit
Submitted in error
Outstanding experience. Had the NC Shrimp and Grits. Excellent meal, great environment and service.
Pretty solid food. Can't go wrong with most of the menu. The smoothies are really good.
Great spot for burritos and the works but a little pricey! 2 burritos cost close to $16.
Dinner 21$ per person but everything is good crab legs prime rib sushi etcetera
Good Decaf iced americano. Cookies had nut shells in them. Really over priced for what they are.
Nothing quite like a stacked high corned beef sandwich and a bowl of Matzoh Ball soup!
We love Grimaldi's and look forward to it every time we are in AZ. It never disappoints.
One of the best sandwiches places in Phoenix  area. Thanks  guys good team work keep it up guys
The Macaroons here are wonderful! Definitely trying out other bakery next time!
Share food family style and try a little of everything. Ahi tuna ceviche was delicious
Literally wanted to charge me $12.96 to place a pair of shoes in a box and tape it. Stay away!
Great place for quick pho take out!  I love the fresh spring rolls and the Thai Iced Tea!
Just went to meet a friend, didnt try the food but will be back soon!
Love this place...meat selections abound and all are excellent and fairly spicy. Five stars for sure
Great date night spot! Great views, amazing food, all around romantic place to visit!
Very Good food. Perfect South Indian food. Worth for the price in case of buffet.
Great fried clams, huge portions.  I  go here when I want fried seafood.  They do what they do well.
Freshest haircut in Phoenix! We will definitely be coming back again. My son loved it.
Great bbq pork here. Tasty juciy, not too much grease very powerful  air conditioning in a hot day.
service is fine, but the food is not so thai authentic.  i need to try different places.
The best! Love the sweet and sour chicken, tastes just like chicken!
Facilities are tired but staff is great.  Good location and reasonable prices.
We absolutely enjoyed our visit. Never had a bad meal at Carrabbas and the service was excellent.
The portion sizes and the food was amazing!!!!  I love this place.
this place is amazing go here and get a box of chocolat!
Great Food, friendly service. We had a great monthly meeting in their side room.
A fun, unique, friendly place to get great food. Try the Sundrop icee! Don't miss it!
Good, but there are definitely better Mexican places in the city.
Great Italian food. Feels authentic Italian and is delicious. Nice for a dinner w family.
Love it here! I dream of their cheese plate!!! The wagyu and brussels sprouts are to-die as well.
Love this place. Great selection, of burgers and fries. Sign up for their special offers.
Fast service and excellently priced. Can also bring your laptop and study here if you wish to do so.
Cheap and easy Mexican. Not Stellar, but good enough for quick eats on a friday night.
Great show!  I haven't laughed this hard in ages.
Did what they promised, quickly and at a good price.  I had a cactus removed.
Best quick cheap food in town.  Wish they were open more but hey that's part of their pull
Seriously, the leek and bacon sausages... Not to mention the pies, charcuterie and pasta selection.
Overall given the price i was expecting better food and service
Cute place with friendly staff. My dog Pogi really enjoyed his peanut butter yogurt treat!
Cookies, cupcakes, brownies, and baked donuts....yum. All made on site, fresh every day.
Awesome salad, pizza and cheesecake at a great price for vegas..   Great service too.
Relax, naked, cleaning, refresh body and mind here! Heavenly!
Great prom shopping!!! Loved it...great selection!!! Great sales team.  Check it out!!!
No idea why this place has four stars. Consistently greasy food. Ambiance nonexistent. Try to avoid.
Big improvement over what was here before.  Lot's of fun play and great shops.
This place is always good. The only thing is I have eaten and felt eh about was their turkey.
 
Pretty good mom and pop sandwich spot hade the pastrami sandwich every thing was fresh on there
love their villa, pools, service and everything there, except the heat.
their toilet paper hurt my ass. good service, hurtful toilet paper.
Excellent stir fry and shrimp fried rice! i definitely would recommend this place.
Shanghai dumplings are excellent.  Just a great menu, excellent service and rock-bottom prices.
Love it here. Miso Ribeye is my favourite, surprisingly juicy and tender, totally worth 20 bucks!
My pancakes were heaven and I'm now in a relationship with eggplant bacon.
Management from HOB did finally reach out. Faith in people restored.
Liz always does a great job! This is my new spot now and no plans to go anywhere esle!
The food here is absolutely astounding. Delicious, made with love, and beautiful presented!
Good breakfast, and a great place and you get a lot of food, just wish they chicken wings. Lol
Awesome Bloody Mary. Portions are large and tasty
Perfectly ripe cherimoya makes me happy. Guess what Hua Sheng had today?
Best brownies ever. It was my office for months Don't bring your big* group.  * or loud
All the girls are amazing, but Sally is great at nail art! Love the atmosphere.
This place is pretty good, I order them through Uber Eats. There Steakfries are super good
Fantastic bowls. The reviews are accurate this place is great the ingredients are fresh.
Great guys! They got my move completed quickly and efficiently. No hidden fees. I would use again.
The hotel is well-appointed and beautiful in Vegas. With high quality casino which has the rule ...
Awesome authentic Texas BBQ right here in Calgary! Brisket was as good as it gets. Come hungry...
Po boy good // onion rings great!
OK slices and beer specials.  Nice decor, great staff.
Good pizza but kind of expensive for what you get. Other pizza places offer way better deals.
Talented and professional group. Excellence from vision to production. Can not recommend enough.
Enjoyed the buffalo chicken wings (hot)... while waiting for my airplane to come in.  Very good.
Just so you know this place is closed permanently as of 5/26...note on the door suggests it was ugly
Great food. But it is not cheap as advertised by Yelp with one $ sign. Its expensive.
Really Nice place! Food tasted homemade and the Gelato was amazing. Try the Brie and Fig!
Love this place great food great service and generous portions, bonus family owned.
Awesome food. Lots of beers on tap and a great place to watch games.
Classy place, great customer service. Make reservations ahead of time and go on a weekday.
Best groomers i've had. They take care of my Winston!
I love this place, is a great place for families, the pool is very nice and big, their
Best menudo from a restaurant, burritos are amazing. . . The entire menu is delicious
I take my pants and jeans there to get hemmed. Never had a problem! Owners are really nice to me.
Great location, next to gondola ride. Food was excellent. Veg option was really nice.
The donut bacon cheeseburger!!! OMG!! YES!! Mike was super cool and helpful!! Love this place!!!
Excellent food and great service! I had the pollo az burrito meal and it was excellente!
Amazing service, great haircut, fabulous blowdry - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
This place used to be so good. I'm not sure what happened. So sad that it went downhill.
I been a happy resident for the past 2 years. Such a nice place to live at a great price
$95 tshirts and faux lumberjack ware. how edgy ooohhh.
Great espresso, salads and paninis. Nat, the owner, treats you like family.
Great customer service.  Fixed my phone's screen for a decent price, definitely recommend.
found shared of glass in rice same color as the rice but these ppl were great with a refund
I really enjoy their taco's on Wednesday nights!  Two taco's for $2.50 and they are pretty big.
Millies was super yummy! Fantastic Puerto Rican food!
I just had Yakiudon and deluxe pork fillet cutlet combo. They are good.  Combo is reasonable.
This coffee shop is doing a great job making a good latte with superior service.
I was my late night dinner. The service was great and friendly.
Issac was friendly, fast, and efficient with everything. Door looks great! Price was fair too
Ice cream is simply amazing. You can sit out and eat. Always crowded Lots of selections
Great workout encouraging instructors love this studio!
Ordered through UberEats. 4 bland pieces of chicken on really oily rice. Soggy Salad. Not impressed.
Fantastic sushi in Wisconsin?   Yes !! Service was excellent as well and will be back.
Awesome spot. Gio has done it again ! A must try. Best bread and pizza dough in town.
Very good pizza! They definitely are not shy with the toppings! Delivery under 40 mins
This place is awesome! Clean, fun and the food is good and the staff is nice! So great!
This place is so good! Fast friendly close to my house!  YUM!
Floating Orchid = Best drink I had in Vegas  (caution - my review is based only on this drink)
Good Old Greasy Spoon  Food is fantastic - large portions.    Fresh and hot... love going to Zet's!
Awesome pastrami sandwich and very nice people. Definitely a must visit for the Cleveland area.
Tried some new things. Still great. Only thing is making a reservation might be necessary.
Dre's back from vacation!  If you're looking to get that fresh cut, stop by Iced Out and see him.
Super tasty food, nice vibe, fast service. Just what we needed after wandering Fremont all night
Infested with old fat people, but they were bumping some 80's jams, so gotta give 3 stars.
Big Thank You for helping me find a obscure, minuscule screw for my sons French horn. THANK YOU!!!!
Great taco's! Our favorite were the pork ones. Great stop whenever in Vegas and post night out.
Romantic atmosphere.  Great service.  Excellent cajun ribeye steak.
Great food and service.  The cut of the week is the best deal in town
I loved the whole experience.  Old people like it here too.  Soup was bacon cheeseburger chowder.
Good food,  get the great fresh guacamole,  made to order,  I love the shrimp tacos,  soooo good :)
Another review 4 months later---my original post remains at 5 stars.
My new favorite restaurant in Phoenix Arizona
Food and service are always fabulous.  Love the changes they've made with the new menu.
Hash hash's portions are crazy huge!!! No one finished anything! So yummy tho!
Enrique cut my son hair  and he did a great job!! We'll definitely be back... thanks!
Carne asada burrito is awesome!
Best hamburger I ever had .. this place is addictive, don't let the location put you off !!
What is the point of having so many Bank of America's if you're only going to have one teller?
A dive bar with many different things to do!  Check the board for specials.
Cheap and convenient.  Quality is not the best, but they have free refill on drinks.
Fav sushi in surprise!! They have a good happy hour :) Nice environment & everyone is friendly.
Excellent food and drinks. Pig tails were amazing.
A real nice place . Loved the healthy food options there . Staff is really cooperative.
The owner Heather is amazing.  Excellent customer service!  I would highly recommend Paris wigs.
The doughnuts were just okay. They needed to be warmed up in my opinion. Just okay doughnuts.
AWESOME!!!!. Good service. Friendly people. Super good ramen. And i was greeted when i came in
No entrar.
Pretty good fare, the way overpriced.
This place is best barbershop in VEGAS ! Great service great conversation . Hospitality on point .
Very NICE hotel!  I have stayed here twice and all  things wanted in a great hotel they have!!!
This is the best place to get your hair done both men and women
Good view from the upstairs. Came on a Friday night and it was dead. The Service was below average.
Stackers has the best wings that I have ever had........great Bloody Marys! Love this place!
Yummy, tasty food, great service, and right along the canal under the Venetian's cloud sky!
Hell no absolutely not... walked in saw cockroaches machines look like they have never been cleaned
Ordered delivery and it was fast and delicious. Best take out I've had in a long time
Very cute and creative pastries and macarons. Great service as well. Will definitely recommend!!
Is a beer connoisseur, this is one my favorite places!! Great  great !!! Close to home !! Gotta  it!
Creative and tasty! Large burrito style roll. You can order the featured items or customize.
Average pizza fast. Why does this place have such a high rating? Not sure but it was OK . That's it.
Good food, good prices, friendly service.  The Eggplant with String Beans is especially tasty!
Nice place and pleasant music.  Low standard food and service.  I do not recommend tacos at all.
They missed our bi-monthly service and never called or showed up. Pretty disappointing.
Went there tonight bartender Abby suggested a beer she thought I would like and it was amazing
Love this place! Everything is always fresh and the falaful is so good here - never dry!
love that "Tuna Nachos", very friendly service and cool atmosphere!!
Definitely the best hot pot in Las Vegas. We've tried many places here and this one is the best.
Vegas Hell Burger 
Wonderful staff super kind with lots of compassion. I recommend them highly.
Horrible Food like hospital Food not Worth the money  There is way better shows in vegas!!
Love this place. The waiting area outside is cozy. I've never had a bad meal. Great specials too.
great place to get your car worked on extremly fast and helpful. would reccomend to anyone
A great affordable place to grab breakfast. The portions are huge!! They are open 24/7 another plus.
food came super quick (chili chicken).
$2.75/shirt after a $.75/shirt coupon.  Ouch.  I miss bigger city life when it comes to this!
Thank you data doctors for fixing my computer! I appreciate the time you spent sourcing the issue.
Lifeguards will take you out of the pool for swimming, you'll hear a whistle every second.
Two words.... Green Cleaners!!! I love this place.
Terrible post office. ALWAYS under staffed, and front desk people are not helpful at all.
Large selection of indian food. The resturant is  very clean and the staff is friendly.
Love the setting. Amazing barbecue and high class competitor from Texas and all around the area.
Loved the TRX and hot pilates classes.  The staff is great and the location is right off the 215.
The servers have 0 personality and the Malibu shrimp were really bad. Over priced ...
The crispy beef (entree) and the beef rolls (appetizer) are THA BOMB!!!
slow service but good food! really liked the chicken salad. sooo good.
Everything I've tried so far was amazing. Will definitely recommend this place to my friends.
James was amazing. The best personality & most helpful!!! I'm definitely coming back!!!!
Nice mall, but was lacking a kids play area.  Clean & spacious with nice selection of stores.
Food was delicious, a lot of seating, fast service  Short drive, very pleased
kendra did a fantastic job at lightening my hair. will definitely be coming frequently
Love this place ! Really cute gals ! I eat here 6 times a week ! I won't eat anywhere else
Great gym! My friend got me to sign up and Brandon was super nice! Great customer service
Love this place! Great atmosphere, delicious food, and very friendly service.
Amazing tacos. Simple menu, no frills. The asada tacos were some of the best I've ever had.
This food was incredible. Cute owners and very attentive to needy people like me.
Quick, fast, and a job well done! Matt fixed us up right. Will not hesitate to come again.
It's pretty good with the 20 percent coupon  Offered on yelp.  Otherwise it's kind of expensive
Fun unique breakfast dishes!  Superior fried chicken and huge portions.  Excellent waitstaff!
Healthy meals with homemade feel; quinoa cakes highly recommended
Always great pizza, ice cold Shock Top & great, friendly service!
Dusty is great. Always a funny story and the drinks are amazing. Get the protein bowl with chicken.
Really good food!  The smoothies are amazing.  Charlotte needs more eateries like this!
not authentic thai food, just average, parking is not easy due to lack of spaces
If you are in Solon, you are missing out if you do not buy bagels here.  SO GOOD!!!!!!
4 ladies working,  only one register open. Lady keeps walking away LONG LINES horrible service
Food was ok. I would rather have good old fashipness diner food. They need new carpets badly.
Great amazing cards, know your stuff if your trading. Best. Card shop in Toronto hands down.
Pho is amazing and staff is vert friendly. Very clean inside and nice variety of dishes.
Best pizza I've had in a long time.  Crust is not too thick and not too thin, toppings were perfect.
gross they have roaches  gross and the manger wanted nothing to do with it some guy walton.  gross
Great causal Mexican food. Better than Chipotle IMO. Decent price, good selection, lots of variety.
juice is good.  Its a bit pricey.. but i like the place
A theatre in a mall... What more could you ask for?! Just love going in on tuesdays
Poke bowls are amazing and fresh! Their Sushi isn't my favorite but the poke bowls make up for it!
This place is so good.  Just have to try it once. The service is so good. Great place.
Horrible service. Horrible attitudes from all employees. Mediocre food at best. Don't go here.
This pizza is so good!   The cheese reminds me of pizza in NY.  The gluten free was also great.
Food is good, but very rich. Come hungry for butter :)
It was ok. Nothing too special. It was really hot in there and the place was dirty. Wasn't too busy.
This place sucks! Line ridiculously long. Don't rent from them
Random resort fee, pool closed, slow wifi, TV barely worked, too far from the strip.
This website sucks & it's the only way you can book their services. Their availability sucks too.
Fresh toppings.  Quick service and good pizza.   I like being able to  choose my toppings.
This is a Charlotte gem. The food is fabulous and the owner and staff kick serious ass!!
Cheap! Employees are nice! Great place to go to have a tuna sandwich!
Y-U-M  Wish they had this chain in NYC. Great food, cute environment, yum yum yum!
Keeps me motivated during cardio. Love the powerful fans on the treadmills. Shane was great!
Mary is an awesome practitioner who comes from the heart. She has many skills and is very competent.
Awesome customer service. You got to go for an appointment for a private viewing. Great staff.
I had Ming , my friend had Amy they were both amazing !!!!! So worth the money I will be back soon!!
Had a burger here a few months ago and it was really good. I love the selection of sodas as well.
A bit pricey, but excellent sammys. I recommend the Philly cheesesteak. It's excellent!
Best bar in the city..... Place reminds you of a 4 Dive bar!!! Sounds crazy, but it's true!!
Parfait pour des soir es en groupe. Les coktails sont immenses   boire.  bon rapport qualit  /prix
Absolutely delicious French dip sandwich.  I love the service and the price is just right
great burgers and horrible fries and great soda and great nice service.  in walmart shopping center
Had good healthy fun with my nieces.  Clean, good food just all around fun environment.
Best food I have had in a long time! The octopus I've had since my trip to Athens, Greece!
Got the grilled cheese and veggie lentll soup. Delicious! Highly recommend :) Great service too.
The restaurant: Two thumbs up! Absolutely love this place! The Cadillac sandwich is the bomb!
Bridget was a great waitress!!!  Very accommodating !   Food was tasty
This is the spot for Great Mexican food! I would recommend this place for any time of the day
Went back again for lunch and they have added lemon and limes  for  water. I really like this place
Excellent food with a very nice menu! Be sure to try the banana cream pie, but then hit the gym...
Great staff, hooked it up even after I screwed up my order. Will be back, thanks guys!
Always good food and service!  Great fish and Italian beef. I would highly recommend.
Love this gym. Lots of machines. Lots of treadmills.
Our waiter Marcus was amazing. Worth the 45 min drive.  Save yourself time and make reservations
Sent my rings there for resizing and was happy about their work.
Great Price For Summer!  + Great lifeguards & amazing staff!  I will be visiting soon!
Oscar and Fernando did a wonderful job, and were so great and easy to work with. Highly recommended!
My regular lunch time go to spot. Sooooo goood. The chicken tikka masala is on point.
Dinner   Ambience: 4/5   Food: 3/5  Service: 3/5   Value: 2/5  Repeat: Unlikely
Delicious food, friendly service, great values. It's a good decision waiting to happen. Imagine it.
Good food good service, a nice place in the neighborhood to have a cold blue moon and a burger.
This particular Denny's was super fast, waitress was friendly and  food was incredible!
A nice place to watch the sunset while enjoying a casual environment with tasty food.
Decent Italian food at a great price. Half the time the hot dishes are lukewarm.
This place made top of the list for this weeks dirty dinning 6 HEALTH CODE VIOLATIONS!!!!! Nasty
Wonderful butcher!  Very friendly and knowledge staff.  Locally sourced and ethically raised meat.
I love Latte and free wi-fi here!
This company is a such a scam, and clearly doesn't care for any customer service at all-stay away.
This is my favorite location because it is the closest one to my house that offers fresh produce.
One of the rare "good doctors" in Las Vegas!
Have to agree with previous reviewer, Joshua.  Good food, but pricey.
Cool place to photograph unsuspecting women and use the architecture as an excuse.
What you see is what you get at The Chuck Box. Straight forward, delicious and consistent!
Always a great meal, perfect drinks and relaxed atmosphere.
Awesome, authentic Mexican food. Huge portions, fresh toppings and a great atmosphere.
It's a beautiful space and good cocktails but like so many bars, I find it too loud.
Cherry has horrible customer service skills and should catch up on her history of this place.
So good for eat in yusushi. The sashimi is freash. Working hrs is good for people to order.
Fast, friendly & efficient! I feel energized after receiving my B-12 injection! Thank you!
Very nice place! Very very easy to get lost looking at the women and walking at the same time too!
Alejandro and is team is amazing!! Car wash was fast and amazing! I'd recommend this place.
Recommend the tacos! All fresh and just the right size. We each got 3. Variety. Made to order.
Loved the atmosphere and the food was good.  The wine was great, so we'll be going back again!
Great variety of stores. A lot of high end and middle of the road stores. Loved shopping there.
I know a great hand shaved noodle, and this place is fantastic on all fronts!  High recommendation!
Good tacos. Good margaritas. The horchata with amaretto is yummy. Get the Mexican street corn. Bomb.
Love this place.  The servers are fun and the food is delishious.
Authentic unpretentious delicious middle eastern food! Attentive service! Locals eat here regularly.
Really good food.  Try the Chili Relleno.  Great patio day or nite.  Parking may be a little tite.
Went for lunch. Delicious, not rushed but not slow, affordable, and would totally go back.
Always amazing!!! Anytime I want a burrito I come here. Its always perfect and always so delicious.
Good selection of booze, liquor, beer, and craft beer. Stop in and stock up!
I lived in Germany for 14 years, I love German food. Zur Kate is the best I've had in the States!
Love the coffee!  Bring any out of town guests here on the way home from the airport!
Fresh veggie chipotle wrap for lunch! I got lettuce wraps instead of a spinach tortilla! Amazing!
Love their birthday cake..I want one every year! Tried their crack pie. It's a bit too sweet for me.
The Korean lady is very nice there. My dry cleaning is done quickly and she hooks me up sometimes!
Great pizza, fast and friendly. Off the strip a bit down the walkway. Nice outdoor seating.
Really love the energy from the instructors. They are very welcoming of new riders. Love this place.
Always professional and I receive the best care
D'ont ever GO There...condamned a lots of times for insalubrity and cockroaches in the kitchen!!!!
Hour and a half to put on a spare? Your got to be kidding me. Mickey Mouse over here...
Good sports bar. Great service, decent food, and open til 2am!
Food tasted great. Chips and salsa were amazing. Service... ok.... way overpriced. Wont come again.
Wonderful Espresso Shop! Local, high service and excellent coffee. :)
Chicken sandwich on the go, can't beat it so good taste like Peruvian chicken from NYC.
Waited over twenty minutes for four small steak tacos with barely anyone in the place. Lame
Live music every night and amazing beer selection. Winning!
First time we tried hookah!!! And we loved it!!! The place is cozy and fun to hang out with.
One of the best spots!! Fresh food ! Kids eat free on Sunday's Come here all the time.
Love Bruxie - need to beat the crowds and get here early.  Green eggs and ham for breakfast!!
Great breakfast spot. The service is great and food consistently good!
The best baked pork buns that we've ever had and we've had lots of pork buns. Service was wonderful.
I was impressed with this place - it is the signature. Still tons of old timers tho...
Amazing customer service. Stacey was invaluable in helping me.
So happy I finally discovered Eadery. Lasagna, pot pie, chicken roti and kale salad are amazing.
Amazing food.. luv the drinks and the huge meatballs.. a must have... yummm excited to get stuffed
Cute store. Gelato is flavorful, but not so much that you are left with a heavy stomach.
Huge tasty good food!   Get there early, there is always a wait.
Service was terrible, food was mediocre at best. Would not choose to return.
great haircuts! super friendly and clean. Chris and Grace are awesome at what they do!
Aloha is the best! Dr Beckes & Dr Brooks are the only vets I trust with the health of my dogs.
Great staff and food:-).  They make super great slushies, go to sonic 2-4pm to get half off
Bad service, gross food, bad drinks, VERY $$$. Typical for Pittsburgh. Will never go back.
Shawarma is to die for !! Family owned restaurant!! Not related to other gyro places in town.
Funny, sexy, talent-filled. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed this show. Highly underrated.
Horrible selection! They didn't have one maple donut! Never bother going here for good donuts!
The food was great, the service was wonderful, and the restaurant was very welcoming and clean.
Ryan our server was excellent, as always I have good food and service for happy hour...
High priced. Extensive time period for estimate. Cheaper to reptile over bad,existing  grout.
The raspberry pomegranate was my favorite of the 3 I tried. Clean and friendly atmosphere otherwise.
Stood in line for 45 minutes just to taste this burger. The wait was worth it.
So good especially for the price. Got the panang curry chicken medium. Highly recommend.
Good food. Well prepared and reasonably priced. Great service. Warm friendly and efficient.
If you want feel taste fresh don't buy the lunch special. The place need to be clean more.
Very clean and nice location! Cashier is very helpful and attentive. Will definitely go back here.
Really good lentil soup.  Great rice.  Lamb combo was ok but everything else was pretty good!
Great happy hour. 3-7pm Otherwise pry wouldn't go!
It's the best thing in the world, just do it. Shout out to Jesse and Ruben for the amazing espresso.
Great fries. Pretty good gyros, but have had better. Nice waiter. All in all good place.
Seriously  my carpets were never  so clean definitely  my new guy he did a excellent  job !!!!
Love this place for eyebrow threading! She is reasonably priced and makes my eyebrows look amazing.
Good ice cream but nothing really spectacular. Very expensive and small scoops.
So good, I love the popcorn and milkshakes with a poutine!  Love love love love.  Eggplant emoji x 5
Great service from Tien. He was able to help me get the glasses I needed. Fast and efficient!
Amazing food, attentive but not annoying waiters, easy and cosy atmosphere! Will definitely be back!
Love this sushi
Boston TV Show Cheers Everyone knows your name.... But Better Jason and Sarbrina you rock!
Excellent upscale RV Park by the McDowell Mountains. Very Clean facility and free breakfast everyday
Place is one of the best Theaters to see a movie staff always freindly an its always clean here
Healthy, Tasty, Fast, Cheap, what's not to love.  Awesome for mall food for sure!
Love the tuna melt with apple bits in it. My go to breakfast place!
Really great food! I ate my hubby's left overs  & reheated it tasted just as good as fresh.
ideas some of the reviews and this people they were so right about the service GREAT PLACE!!!!
Best message I had in a loooong time,  5 stars.. my new favorite place to stop when I'm in Vegas.
Horrible place! Sticky floors, worn furniture, and the drinks were watered down and expensive.
All of the food here is fresh and healthy! I could literally eat here everyday, it's THAT good.
I have had half the menu, Love it all. Healthy and delicious.
I definitely suggest u try this place, by far the best quality, portion and prices around the area.
Staff is amazing!! I enjoyed a weekend staycation here sippin on margaritas and relaxing,
Delicious food and wonderful date. Pork was unbelievably tasty.
Great food and friendly workers. Love the service here. Love the quality of the food.
Our favorite Mexican place in the Vegas Summerlin area. Fresh food and great service.
if panda express is crowded, I would get stuff here when I am at Chandler Mall :)
Great place to eat! The food and ambience was spectactular.
Them grits tho lol seriously the ultimate breakfast spot period !!! I'm about to go there now !!!
they are so helpful and nice especially for all info about the puppy..i will recommned this place
Fast and friendly. Did a great job. Can't ask for more. Truck sounds great and I got a free sticker!
4-stars for the epic Japanese poutines.  -1 star for the ugly decor. The pasta is alright too.
Awesome food & service.. must go!
Picked up a great deal on a vaporizer a few weeks back. The staff was friendly and helpful. Thanks!
My wife couldn't even take a bite of her pita. It's was so sopping wet with grease.....
I hate long reviews. Great place for breakfast and French pastry. Enjoy.  Dinner was excellent also.
Delicious ice cream!  Nice family owned business. Great variety and always a surprise flavor.
It's true, the owner is sweet and prices are reasonable. I just wish there was more of a selection!
Spicy chicken sandwich. Crispy bread. Spicy sauce. Chicken.  It's a late night winner.
Fast, friendly, clean. Didn't feel like I was just a number.
Came today 8/17 to see Mile 22. Good movie. Clean theatre. Good popcorn with butter & jalape os
I had an excellent mille feuille, nice packaging, one of the better things I had up here.
Come here all the time, sometimes hard to fine parking, good prices gasoline here and good food.
Employees are always so friendly and deal with the chaos so well! Also, animal style fries.
This is one of the better middle eastern restaurant in the area.  Great food and service!
Fabulous food! Lindsay was our server & she was lovely & knowledgeable. We will definitely go back.
Went for a family supper and we all had the parmesan crusted chicken salad.  It was delicious!
Delicious food, excellent customer service.
Great place for breakfast. I had the biscuits and gravy. Yumm. Biscuits are definitely scratch
It's just ok. The minimums on the tables are $10-$25 on blackjack.
It's another bank! You can get money any time you want! (Assuming you have some to withdraw.)
I booked a 'whim trim' today with Kevin. He cut my hair perfectly and I left so happy!
Best jap restaurant in tdot. By far. Trust me
Horrible service, too many people and overpriced. Don't go there for the food either.
Amazing job on my eyebrow and lip. Also, amazing customer service. Will definitely be going back!
Good Food and Beer, but normally a long wait is in order when come to this happening spot.
Been here a few times. Staff is always very cool.  The food is pretty good as well.
This place is always great and the food is spectacular. I will be back and do recommend them
Legit, no frills, delicious tacos.  All for $2 each.  Need I say more?
Great food.  Ceviche and escabeche both excellent.  Cigar desert is very good.
Omg!! Soooo good!!!!! Steak was perfect tonight! I just love the grilled veggies skewers!
Slow but worth the wait. Bison burger and poutine is awesome.
Delicious kabobs and fresh bread...  And Free Wifi...what else do i need:)?
Quickest service call I;ve ever seem, less than 1 hour from time of call til work finished.
very good especially the chipotle chicken salad and Cubano although that's all I've had, many times
This is so far the best Raman I've tasted. Until I get to try better one then I'll update.
A clock telling how many minutes till the next train: priceless!
Fun live entertainment.  Great spaghetti.  Line dancing lessons   Good and friendly service   C
Always great atmosphere and food, had 3 lbs., lobster and porterhouse.
great food, yummy drinks and diligent service. Highly recommend!
like all the varieties of food.......family enjoyed!!!!!
Omakase sashimi platter was very fresh. Roasted corn was flavorful.
The raspados are AMAZING! I could seriously substitute all my meals for a raspado.
absolutely amazing!! Lines can be long and it is pricey.  but the caramel latte is phenomenal.
Consistently great healthy food. ... And a few delights like their coconut cake pastries. Yummy!
THAI SPICY NOODLE FTW!!! Delicious and most importantly, actually spicy. Like, for real.
Friendly service and the truck never looked better. I was amazed by the attention to detail.
These people truly love what they do and love helping you.
love this place! The macha crepe cakes are the absolute best! and it's so adorable, i love the vibe
I'm not a typical fan of Starbucks but today this place knocked it out of the park. Great job
Great place for beers and friends on weekdays. Enjoy bands on the weekends. Good selection of beers.
Great place. Good staff . The new owner is 100% improved from last one. Clean good fun.
Love.  Great food, awesome bartenders, beautiful space.  One of the best in Madison.
Great! Best panang curry I've had in Vegas.
So fun.  Try the tea breakfast.  Sandwiches, scones and desserts.
I'm a huge fan of the whole CLEVNET library system!
the best calamari i have ever.....ever had!! that alone gives it 5 stars!
Great food and bartender Zac is not only gorgeous and sexy he is one hell of a bartender!
I really love this place.. The better crawfish cajun in town.. Awesome customer service
One of my favorite places. The food is excellent and the staff is pleasant and helpful
Great variety of burgers.  The Big Mess BBQ is great!!  Nice big bar and TV's for sports.
Good, solid Greek food.  Family owned and operated.  Always VERY nice.  Get the flaming cheese!
I had a $2 pizza it was great for the price. The server was attentive and had and excellent memory.
Was once a great go to Italian restaurant. But now just a place to drive by on the way to one.
Have visited now fours times. A simple clean setting with great fresh seafood.
Our experience at Bootleggers was amazing! Great service; friendly, outstanding food; so delicious.
Excellent Food! Had the Carnitas Tacos and the preparation and presentation was great!
This place is just ahhhhhhh. Shout out to the bartender Johnny, takes care of you well and on time.
Amazing food.  Shawarma plate is great. The chicken is perfectly cooked and veg selection is great.
Outstanding experience ! They served my soccer team about 28 people faster and with smile.
Terrific sports bar. Good food Re4asonably priced. great atmosphere
Deplorable really.  The food made me sick.  I would rather have Taco Bell.
 .............................. ............
The food is excellent, and the beer is awesome!  nuff said.
Decent food, good service, over-priced. Tried the portobello mushroom sandwich, not bad.
We love their Foie burger and Farmhouse burgers. It's so good. Their shakes aren't bad either.
Professional, helpful experts.  Convenient location on Bloor and YUS subways with parking behind.
Good inexpensive prime rib, good ,cheap what's not to love? Always a good clean place to eat.
We went. Aprox 20 ladies. And the service was excellent. Food delicious.  Thank you Texas de Brazil
Bacon breakfast burrito is phenomenal!! Staff are friendly, great place!
Since the change over in ownership the service has drastically declined. I won't be back!
You can never go wrong with Erie Burger. Great food, happy hour is fantastic. Fast service.
Solid IPA selection, positive service, good food.  Get the pretzels and cheese/meat plates!
Good food several bugs in the air outside which was "buggy". Great cocktails and atmosphere.
Not happy they didnt even say they weren't contracted with my insurance before taking my money..
Good service with friendly employees. The serving sizes are plenty and the food is tasty!
the staff are so lovely! right by work for all my last minute cravings! or client needs!
Good food and enjoyable dinner. We came here with a toddler and the waiter was just great!
best class. best instructors. this is the place to go!  mind. body and soul.
Dr. Baxter is AMAZING!!! He is very kind and very smart
Friendly (ridiculously) nice people.  Great menu.  Cheery restaurant.  Great food.  Playful menu
Lovely service. Enjoyed my latte very much :)
We love this place! Literally everything is good...if you can get a seat
Their turkey club croissant is amazing. Such a good lunch stop!
Great greasy spoon, good customer service, good prices, giant portions
Massive tortas.  Pretty greasy and tasty too.  Good little Mexican place.
Cozy atmosphere and the food is so good it's hard to believe!
Amazing and creative breakfast!  We will make it required stop every trip to Vegas!
Had a great time with friends from out of town Great martinis.. Burgers are really good..
they are dishonest and liars. dont believe them. poor customer relationship. never will go again.
The best place to go & get a wonderful Salmon salad. I love their tortillas & all the food
Went last weekend for the penn state game. Huge crowd. Great beer. Would definitely go back.
Not quite the menu as the original but the tacos and the service are hard to beat.
Awesome ride used them at a corporate event. Had the party bus prepped for 22 people.
Pretty great Mexican food for a Hotel on the strip. The cheese enchiladas were delicious!
Literally the worst Roberto's ever. It took a half an hour for three things like come the fuck on
Excellent service and great food! If they had more craft beers on tap I would've given 5 stars.
This place is great. Get the Big Jim, it is outstanding. The staff are so laid back and nice.
Atmosphere was okay, even though it was empty the service was shit.  I wouldn't run to get back.
Great service and food.  Place is very clean and a nice quiet family atmosphere.
Delicious food, and well worth the price. I loved the soup and homemade bread.
Food was really good beef was very tender and cheese was very light and tasteful highly recommend
Barely any meat. Not that good. Rather have actual sushi for the price. Instant regret
We loved the tacos..ate at 2am and the place was still crowded...worth the wait..
Everything was well executed here. Clean. Friendly staff. Fried chicken, fries, coleslaw, bread.
Most comfortable workout clothes that I have ever purchased. Customer service is great.
Rude staff. I wasn't given my receipt. The buffet is always empty. Food is under cooked.
Awesome breakfast!!! Great, friendly staff.... I drove all the way from Florida just to eat here.
Very good food. All the traditional favorites. Came away completely stuffed.
Best Pho hands down, Boba bar has a good selection. Very clean too!
Cool funky stuff for a small chunk of change. Bought a buffet to transform for less than $60.
Hands down best Carbonara on the planet. Capo's is full of atmosphere and amazing food. Excellent!!
We did red riding hood room. It was awesome. Staff very nice. Reasonably priced. Good for all ages.
I will never ever eat at a airport Manchu walk unless I am super hungover!  Seriously
If you like sea food this is your thing! I got shrimp with fries, I would go back for it!
Wow! These guys do amazing work! Spectacular quality, would definitely recommend. A+++!
AMAZING STAFF AND CLUB! Love the energy and environment! Clean facility, top of the line equipment!
Exceptional,  authentic food.  Do you miss your grandma's cooking? Omg...  I love this place!!
Great food reasonably priced. Amazing crispy chicken.  I will return!!!
Totally worth the money spent best views great concierage at night feels tge best views ever
um... two lobsters with noodles for only $19, which is great!
Really good food. Needs a little work on the decor etc and staff but the food is superb :)
Good hangout. Plenty of Bier to try and very decent food. I really don't mind this place
No parking and notary not available. #frustrating Guy suggested another UPS store. No thanks
The wait is ridiculous, the tellers talk waaay too much. I wouldn't recommend if you're in a hurry.
If you go on national donut day it's not cheating on your diet it's patriotic
Not happy with the chicken ceasar salad. Bland salad and very dry and tough chicken.
Food was very good, sevice also very good.  wife thought server was "totes adorbs ".lol
Great service & very friendly staff. Get the Arepa Benny with a Cortado to wash it down .
Good Food and Wine. Great Down town location.:)::::::::::::------///------------////-----.
Had my locks rekeyed in no time. Great service. Highly recommended.
Really convenient. Came here to mail off an envelope and it took 2 seconds to drop off and leave
Love this place! Amazing bread and great sweets and deli counters. Awesome energy!
Excellent food I am happy that my son did research and choose this place service is great
Good burgers......bartender was horrible. I mean she needs to find a different line of work.
Got here fast and the delivery guy was super nice! Tasted amazing!
Great Place, wrong address  It's 557 Wendel Rd, Irwin, PA 15642. Salmon Salad is really good!
It's so hard to find a good gluten free pizza and they make a delicious one!!
It was good but im always loyal to boiling crab though. not bad for something different!
One of the biggest draft lists in Pittsburgh. Huge sandwiches and delicious chips
Nice place, friendly waiters, fantastic food!!! I would strongly recommend this restaurant!
Had Henry do my nails from black gel to french tip. He was through and friendly! Will be back soon!!
Amazing food, amazing people, amazing drinks. One of my by far favorite places to be in Scottsdale.
My mom at 89 had a heart attack the nurses doctors and staff amazing so kind and considerate
The  burgers were very tasty. Fast and friendly service. I will definitely be a repeat customer.
I keep forgetting they do alterations!!
Excellent homemade pizza, would recommend everyone, good selection of beer, nice prices
Yes! We got some gelato. It was exactly what we wanted and more: it looked like a flower.
Great job, fast, and efficient. I recently used a coupon and I was well looked after.
All around great place, good authentic food at a reasonable price. Garlic sauce is excellent
I love the calamari!  The shrimp boil on the new patio menu is fabulous and plentiful! !
My favorite tapanyaki for sure!! They have great happy hour specials and the food is soo good!
What a great company! Very supportive to the community and its employees. Thank you Bell Honda.
Great food, every item I ordered was tasty, mouth watering ribs, pleasant staff,
Selection and price are always amazing. I get the best and most stylish clothes at Marshalls
Tastes great, good selection, AYCE kim chee, what could be better?  Kim Chee No. 2, Hawaii!
Blue Berry Muffin! So good I had another.
service is great food is always fresh cooked mkt mucn else to say a average fast food joint
Lame. Terrible cocktails, poor service and a no energy, tired environment.
Gyros sandwich was amazing!!  Tried to go back again and was so sad to see it was closed on Sunday.
Red box outside. My Main Reason for coming here.
The best food @ town square. Love the "CB in Paradise".  Super friendly staff.
Another good place to watch the Chicago Bears games.
Consistently tasty. The cheese sticks are especially unique-wrapped in a phyllo, I think? Very good.
Very impressed with the waffle sandwiches. Fries were meh, but enjoyed the experience overall!
Kudos for making it this far... time to renovate and update.    Make Cafe California great again.
Got my nails done here a couple of times. Good when the student is not preoccupied with self
This store is closed.  :(  So disappointed!!!
Definitely love what they did with the place! The lady that I had was amazing and so kind!
Very good service, they fixed me wheel for free!!! Thank you very much. Of course I'll come back :)
Great little spot. Run by real people. Recommend the arepas and ceviche.
Favourite restaurant of all time. By far. Even vegetarians would love this place, great salad bar.
Eveything is delish..leave room for desert! Maryann is the best server!
Got my eyebrows waxed only. Old waxing table. Reasonably priced. Very nice woman. I tipped well.
Excellent food and service! Cocktails were delicious - if you like Mezcal try the Cross of Coronado!
long wait, decent service - food is great!
Love it! Staff stayed late to finish my pedi will definitely be coming back. Clean and friendly
Used to get delivery often when I lived in the area.  Samosas are quite good.
Took a few more devices there - customer service is hit or miss; their products are great though.
Great food and awesome ambience.  Decent wine list as well.  Will definitely go back.
Amazing jewelry and friendly owner.  I have been there numerous times. They treat you like royalty .
Charming new korean resto near Cote-Vertu metro. Food taste amazing and friendly service.
Thay are okay, first time for me to try thai food
Great unique menu! Best restaurant in Pittsburgh for micro brews!!!
So many books! Love how peaceful and welcoming this place is! The staff is so friendly and helping
Amazing salon with wonderful girls working behind the counter! :) definitely worth giving a try! :)
Would recommend getting a michelada style beer, it's like a beer bloody mary.
Bomb. bomb. Work next door &  i eat there everyday!!
Entered the drive-thru at 2:45 this morning.  Didn't leave until 3:14.  So much for fast food!
Drove an hour to try it out. Absolutely delicious. Only wish the burrito was bigger for the price
What a shame that they permit smoking and ruined this casino.
Beat Mexican Seafood in town. Service is great, friendly and attentive. Muchas gracias.
People  are great,  fast service.   Food is excellent. Stopped by twice while in Las Vegas.
Great food, excellent waiter, Justin, if we are ever in the area again it would be on our list
the best ever ice cream..honest. Salted Carmel. Ten Stars!
Run like the wind, you will never get your mail, and I wouldnt let my dog live here.
Food was excellent as well as customer service. Fast and friendly! Chicken marsala was incredible!
It's 24/7 it's very clean the bakery side got so many yummy things! And is very close to my house
HOLY GIANT PANCAKE!!! So delicious though!!  This is by far the best thing about the IP
Nice guys, good ribs. Nuff said
Banquet burger, onion rings, root beer.   Bacon is grilled.   Malt vinegar available.   Delicious.
The food is amazing.  And healthy! I had the nutty cabra salad with chicken and it was wonderful! !!
Not open yet!   Phone forwards to Kent, which would have been good to know for my carryout order...
Great menu different kind of food and delicious. Love taste of the coffee. Good price.
Don't overlook the cream puffs; the lychee cream puff has fruit chunks in the filling!
It is amazing to see what we have on the inside. Very interesting and a great exhibit.
Amazzzzing! The adobada tacos are a must! Affordable. Convenient hours and location.
I want to edit this post but I ha e to leave z message. The message the message
my new fav wings. who needs rib fest The owner cares
There are only 2 windows open and it doesn't matter how busy they are. Ughh u will wait!
The best pizza! Love to try them all and my favorite is the Twister. Wonderful staff!
There so nice and chill here. The food is always great too. It's a really clean little place too
Employees are extremely rude, service is horrible and so much attitude for coffee in the morning!
Great bar food here. They are very accommodating and you are never rushed. Wifi is also available.
Best Mexican food in North Scottsdale.  The staff is very friendly and the food is ready quickly.
Pretty good.  The martini was weak, but the food was good overall.
Very nice place. Good food and great (prompt, attentive) service.
We go here for lunch about once a month. Portions are huge, their salsa is so good. Love their food.
Unuon Summer review: settled on the very good peanut butter croissant after trying others.
The only reason to go here is to keep the wife in check! She loves Brighton.
The fat white bartender working graveyard is extremely rude and has horrible service!
We have been ordering the Chicago Pan and Picasso salad for years...........simply the best!!!
Tamra is amazing... great pizza and a wonderful atmosphere... Half price wine on Sundays...
Great customer service, decent prices and very professional.  Would recommend
The food and service are excellent!!  It is a little expensive but very good quality.
Great pizza! Online ordering! Fast, friendly service! Huge menu
Awesome sauce. 30 minute delivery. Favorite pizza and lasagna.
Just amazing!  So flavorful.  4 stars because it's hard work to crack the king crab legs.
Jennife always hooks me up. Great service and the staff is great.
The lasagna was tasty. The mint iced tea also had a lovely flavor.   Gigantic portions
Awesome sushi!! Love the Shrimp Pad Thai. Didn't realize there was sushi this good in Rock Hill
The best AYCE place in the GTA; the cheese wontons are a must-try!
Delicious ice cream, but it seems like they are ALWAYS sold out of all the good the flavors!
Shrimp and sea food is old and mushy. Portions are getting smaller and not that tasty.
Love this place. Great Eggrolls. Amazing Chicken Noodle Soup. Great Service I'm A Regular now.
Such a cute, original place.   Food is great, ambiance unique.   The deserts are excellent.
The traditional Lebanese appetizers are the restaurant's best dishes.
This is the best store ever! Books, paper products, fun gifts...go there now!
best steam pot and crawfish in town, the steam pot taste really really good and fresh! healthy food
je n'ai qu'un mot :EXCELLENT!!!! 10/10 pour l'accueil 10/10 pour l'ambiance  10/10 pour le repas
Good burger. Perfect mid rare. I guess there is a market for $8 cheeseburgers. Fries extra.
These people were difficult to schedule, rude and condescending. Stay far away- very disappointed!
NO appointments. Only walk-ins.
Excellent margaritas and I love the beans and rice. Staff is very friendly
Good food. Awesome desert. But a bit pricey
Perfect nachos and great service! Variety of nacho options that are unique and delislcious.
I ordered Kalbi and Bulbolgi and it was fantastic. The service was impeccable. I will be back!
Great place for a last minute lunch stop, menu was a little small but had the ribs and very tasty.
Craig handled an incoming gun transfer for me.  It was totally painless and efficient.
30 second review go!!!!!!@@@@@@@@@@@  Its a big ass gift shop.  Do visit here.  The end.
Kim did a great job - super friendly and excellent nail tech. Very happy with my pedicure!
Great food and service!
Good, friendly service Good coffee Expansive menu Free wifi
My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though.
Luv Luv Luv this place. It's delicious .  The place is cool inside the vibe is modern bohemian.
Why I love Albertsons. Always clean. On HOT summer days they have complimentary cold water.
Great tire shop. Quick, good quality, honest, and reasonably priced. My go-to tire shop.
The best French fries and milkshakes ever thank you Ayzul for the best customer service
The service was decent but the Chinese food was really bad. I can't comment on the sushi.
This is the best McDonald's I've been to. Friendly workers who get the job done fast and right.
Love this little gem in Willoughby Hills. Has a great beer selection and wine for a little deli.
no casino and no smoking in the lobby...how awesome is that? large, stylish rooms. comfy bed.
Pasta night special......well worth the money.  Great service and atmosphere as usual.  Brian M
Excellent, Hhhuuuugggge portions, delish.   BLT Bloody Mary and salmon hash, kids bacon waffle.
Best Mexican Food I have ever had.  Staff was good too.  Salsa is awesome.
Kick ass staff, very accommodating...best selection of juices. Hundreds to choose from.
Great breakfast spot, always incredibly fast.  The fresh bagels are delicious.
MIND...BLOWN. Japanese precision and simplicity with impeccable French technique. Nuff said.
Excellent restaurant!  Our waiter John Murphy was the best!  The bacon board is a must try.
Love it here and the staff is (almost) always friendly. Turkey and eggs for breakfast
Didn't visit the shop as our lunch was catered. But I can say they make great burgers!
Great place to watch baseball!! Great view anywhere you sit or stand! Love the place!
Great room Great service Great hangover breakfast I'll be back for sure...
Did kereoke on saturday night here, it was really good. Bar is sort of divey but really good.
Do not come here! Terrible service and a rip off! Dishonest employees and a filthy place.
Home restaurant. A little bit crowded. Mac&Cheese is great. Other foods are also very tasty.
The food was extremely bland. Also out of all 5 of their coffees but weren't brewing any at all.
Sausage stuffed peppers were great. Large portions. I will eat here again.
This place is a hidden gem.   From its baked goods to their filling sandwiches you cant go wrong.
Very bland!! Completely unexpected and disappointing after reading all previous reviews.
come for drinks only food is pathetic ,feels like they have microwaved frozen chicken n served
Panag curry and the fried tofu with and thai ice tea are great!!
Best chicken miso ramen!! Awesome service!  Very friendly :) loved the spicy pork ramen
This place might be the worst car wash I have ever seen. Whoever owns this should sell it.
Taken about 5 watches to him.  Good customer service and fast.
One of the cleanest casinos I have been in. I did not gamble but  visited for a meal.
Gabriel explained everything perfectly... we just signed up today. Great customer service!
Super good clam chowder and fish entree!  Lemon drop martini was perfect!
My favorite place to get cajun fries. The bestest!
The owners were very welcoming and the coffee straight from Italy! Pastries are good too
The chocalte bana crepe was great!
Good thai food, standard menu but one of the better thai restaurants in the town.
Come try this place out! They have a lot to engage with and great attention to detail all around.
Their alfredo pasta is so good!
A great restaurant for any special food need.  Had a great time and enjoyed my dinner immensely.
Great burrito and they carry Prime Mate soda.  They were out of guacamole when I went, though.
Amazing food with a fantastic wait staff. Hannah was the best!!! Thanks for an amazing time!
Not a fan at all.  Poor customer service and yucky ice cream.
Cute diner, great service, very friendly staff! We went for breakfast and enjoyed everything!
Amazing pizza. Great for brunch! Bottomless mimosas and steak and eggs. Yum
Great place for an anniversary!   Fantastic service and great food.
classic Italian food and a great service!
Yummy icecream and maria the cake decorater does the best cakes ever shes so talented
I use Neal all the time. Very talented and knowledgeable. I appreciate the great service.
Cool place. Good beer. Great happy hour prices with $6 pitchers and $2 sliders. can't beat the price
Not bad. Wings are always good. Staff seems a little unhappy but overall not a bad wing place.
Great experience every year during tax season. I strongly recommend this service. Ask for Mike!
Another great meal, Singapore rice noodles and baby eggplant. Awesome! The hidden gem!
Quick and friendly service. Come and try their yummy bbq rib sandwich, it will not disappoint.
This place rocks and Erin is the best bartender in Pittsburgh!!!
always good.  i think they raised their prices though!
Very good experience they did my nails and pedi in an hour very professional and perfect nails
$6 for two mini cheeseburger sliders and an abundant amount of freshly friend fries.
Excellent service from an incredibly friendly staff. However, the food was just okay.
The best of everything under one roof. Friendly staff. Prime Rib Thursdays! Aged beef.
Fun place to go for happy hour.  Make sure to sit outside when the weather is nice.
Great place and food.  I enjoy sitting on the patio with my dog, Missy.  I'll see you there.
Very nice salon. A bit of a wait in the weekend due to its popularity but well worth it.
Went for the first time today and ordered the pad Thai and curry fried rice! It was yummy
Good environment and service,good location which is easy to find,their Naan is highly suggested!
This Place is the very BEST.  It has become an every morning stop.
Scoop and Joy is our favorite guilty pleasure in Scottsdale. Always delicious and fresh.
Amazing massage, great energy! You will not be disappointed.
Greasy spoon. Not the cleanest place around. Grab your order and get the hell out.
Love love the ambiance here!  The food is fresh and tasty, definitely would come back here.
awesome place for amazing cocktails.  fun vibe to hang out and enjoy.
Good food but I can count at least 6 ants on the wall at the moment. Some are on our table.
Awsome food and drinks Jess our server was awsome. We recomend the green enchilada nachos
Best American Chinese joint in the area. Orange chicken is bomb.
Vitamins, shakes, food, soups, fruits!! Great place!
Always a mix up on drive thru orders but it is an old faithful when it comes to the food line up.
Huge slices of New York Style pizzas.   Staff is awesome.
It's really good. Probably some of the best tacos. Several options, quick preparation, great taste.
Best sandwich in Lakewood. Tons of meatloaf of flavor. The Southwest Turkey is my go to lunch.
Staff are exemplary there. They always put the patient first. Great outcomes are achieved.
Best Tai this side of Bangcock! Beef satay is like candy, pad tai is perfect. Service impeccable!
Great Spot Good food...enjoyed the Bento Box Great Value for the Money Good atmosphere as well
Praline cake and a coffee. Ahhh is that good. Will stop here again. Next time the opera cake.
The food was soggy and the sauces tasted salty!! The place has no life. Never coming back!
You want a decent meal at the MGM?  Only medium overpriced?  'wichcraft [sic] gets the job done.
The food there and Mark is wonderful I enjoyed the marinara to the max so happy we went there
Great place! Always my goto location when you want the best quality and great hospitality!
Merit is the best. They're honest, affordable and get the job done right the first time.
The most amazing donuts I have had.  Bright and fun atmosphere.  Help was great and I will be back.
Incredible food and experience. Never realized each color of this universe was beautiful on its own.
Not bad for an all-you-can-eat. Reasonably priced. Good service. Great hole in the wall joint.
Wouldn't buy our furniture anywhere else ! Love the staff always friendly and accommodating!
The food is great! I recommend the specials. The staff are always warm and welcoming!
Enjoyable lunch on the deck  Service was really good ....nice team, very focused  Great Greek salad
A place with expensive illini souvenirs and textbooks. Always out of stock too
Hamburgers - meh! Frenchfries are awesome. I will try one more time  I like the concept
This place is out of business. Its now a sports bar called CR Buns
Food was beyond cold, no cutlery, no ketchup, no sauce which came with the order missing items)
Really simple order and they were way off simple fries w/ garlic Parmesan missed by a mile!!!
Great place for a damn tasty burger...next time I seriously need to try the spiked milkshakes
The pretzel fondue was awesome. Really fun restaurant!
Food is always top of the line and best service! Yummy :)
What more need one say: Patel cigars and Balvenie scotch. 5 stars!
5 STARS for GREAT SERVICE**** Go Go Go for Noemy (server)
Awesome people, Jennie O has treated us so well and we will continue to use her for years.
Hey, when you post hours that your restaurant is open, why don't you go ahead and be open? 2/10/12.
 ^_^
Delicious food, great service, wide selection
The Vegetarian burrito is so yummy.  I recommend getting the ranch sauce drizzled on top!!
Nice local bar! Fun cocktails, good food nice atmosphere. Not sure you could ask for much more.
Price - 3/5 service - 2/5 food quality - 2/5 atmosphere - 2.5/5 hygene & cleaness - 1/5
Tasty food, a little salty. But otherwise very nice experience. Highly recommend.
Today I saw Dr Barber and Amber.  They were great.  Friendly staff, great office!  Highly recommend.
Staff and management here are very friendly and accommodating. A true locals bar.
Amazing local Spot!!  Check out their new restaurant across the street!!! Best happy hour in vegas!!
The service and drinks were good, but the side items weren't that great, especially the Mac n cheese
Their happy hour specials are awesome! Rolls for $3? $5 sake bombs? Amazing food and service!
Grade: B+  Best steak dinner in Madison. Low prices. Keep this one a secret.
Food is absolute garbage. Came out stale and cold. A completely unsuccessful rip-off of Pete's.
Great inviting atmosphere!  Good beer selection and food was very good.
Excellent calamari and linguini but overpriced and with terrible service.  Won't be back.
Yes again enjoying a Carmel Corretto.  Tom just makes it perfect and having it with my class mate .
Love Sally, she is very pleasant, great sense of humor and does a marvelous job cutting my hair.
Amazing food. One of the best dumplings in this neighbourhood ! A good place for vegetarian options!
I was extremely happy to receive the great services that Brian gave us at our home today.
Love this place.  You get an awful lot of food for a great price.  The quality is good too.
Best Macaroni salad I've had in my life. Would not recommend the fries. Everything else is good.
Good food. Nice, friendly staff. A few minutes wait time, at least when we went. Salad bar is great.
I almost stroked-out from high sodium levels No bueno por caca.
i love this place.  the food is terrific (turkey bacon!)  i wish they had deals more often...
Great shoe collection in a new location.  Really nice!
Dumplings tres gouteux, bcp de tables, cuisine   la vue , cela inspire confiance, bon service.
Great staff! food is decent...great sakie selection.... slightly over priced
Service was bad. Took them 20 minutes to take my order. Food was mediocre at best.
Love this place!!! 5 Star Service...5 Star food!!! Our server Devon was on top of it!
Paint Masters did an amazing job on our interior painting project. Highly recommended!!
I have eaten here several times.  The food is pretty good.  I like the Angus Beef Sandwich a lot.
Great food, service is bad. They take forever to provide any service even when only 2 tables seated.
Awesome threading! Perfect!! I would recommend it to any woman! Also does hair highlights!
Great outdoor area; ambiance was perfect for meeting up for a late cocktail with an old friend.
Great service, ask for Sam Great selection Great prices The whole experience was easy.
Best Korean BBQ definitely my favorite spot to eat so many selections. Always satisfied!
Fantastic!  I've tried a few different yoga studios around the city and this one is by far the best.
We found hair in the sauce for the fries.....forgot to take a pic since they already took it away
Yummy food large portions. The staff is very friendly, food takes awhile but it's worth the wait
Very good authentic pizza! The service is superb. I always enjoy myself every time I eat here.
I am so happy with Salon Tocci :). Great service, great work and just awesome atmosphere...
Ahi tuna salad is fresh and filling. Had a bite of the meatloaf, which was good as well.
My favorite nail salon in LV, they're the best!! Ask for TT or LT. Takes great care of your nails!
This place is awesome! Very relaxing and enjoyable experience! Definitely request Jessica!!
Al Pastor was freakin' amazing. Crazy good food and decent prices.
The scallops are wonderful and they have a great salad bar. The service is top notch.
Tracy does the best pink and white acrylics. Kat is the bomb with pedicures. Love this place ,
Awful place bartender was rude, & they don't serve Irish food its chicken wings & pizza???
Best omakase meal tasted so far in Ontario.
Parking is an absolute nightmare. If you have guests that want to visit, suggest they uber.
Love that they have brought the Gelato Spot to Chandler!
No frills, no bull: just good pizza.
Fantastic. Worth the money ( Cirque shows are not cheap)
Best meatballs ever. The pear and cheese ravioli in the butter sage sauce was also amazing
Awesome gyros!! Best in the area!! Salads are awesome too!! They are not shy with the meat!!
Stopped there on a bus lunch and went back after work great food and nice people
Their food is great! It does take some time though, so always keep that on mind when you order.
Ate here today for lunch, close to work, prices decent, food was good, service was fast
Food truck with decent food in the strip district. Food is good with reasonable price.
We had mojito and calamari! Man!!! It was delicious!! Plus fantastic service! Just perfect!!
Love the light rail! Now I can drink and not have to pay for a cab!
I love MRU. Class sizes are small and teachers care
2 stars for open late feature and good ambiance. The burger was awful! Dont even think about it!
Amazing show! Very talented mentalist. Very good energy. Involves the crowd in a very natural way.
Good, but limited menu. I had the walleye, which was excellent.
this shop is one of the only true genuine people shops in las vegas!!!
Staff really nice and fun.. Nice bar.. If you like cigars and drinks this is the place on the strip.
Not very good food, especially for the price walk a couple hundred feet and get something to go.
Simply put.. the best Thai place in Pittsburgh
Sandwich: 5stars  They used so much wrapping for sit in, probably just get takeout next time.
The service is amazing. The food is incredible. The potions are gigantic. The price is fair.
Love this place always fresh and delicious! Gave this a try from posted reviews glad I did.
Absolutely amazing in every way when it comes to a child's education and their future.
The perfect brunch place in Las Vegas..!! Good food, great ambience, amazing service.
Ok local thia for good prices. Nothing crazy but gets the job done. Come during lunch
big slice of pizza. Pretty good tasting.
I was upgraded to the penthouse so that made me happy. the view was amazing
Coffee 24/7 Thanksgiving Special was a no go food came out cold 2 xs such a disappointment
All I have to say is bomb.com so worth the wait!!! Definitely a must when we are in Vegas!
Best eye doctor/office in the north valley. Great dr and staff!
The arrangement was beautiful & the team I bought it for said it was delicious!
Disgusting root beer. Tasted like a glass of water with stale cigarettes in it.
We stopped by after ice skating. We got the pizza and wings special. Great food for a good price!
I go to this place several times during the week.  The girls know me and my order.  Great location.
It's really good Chinese food!  Nice 
Lamest Lizard on the planet  ... can't even make popcorn ... you ask them and they don't care
My new favorite vegetarian restaurant. This place will make you not miss meat at all. Must try
Literally leaving right now after sitting at a table for 1/2 hour without being acknowledged.
Good food and beer menu. Nice atmosphere and also has a touch tunes. Patio is nice as well.
No good at all meat on tacos overcook, guacamole was dark old,tortillas cold bad food :(
Very knowledgeable staffs. The (mens) washroom is super clean! I can still smell the paint.
Love this gym. It is clean and the staff is very helpful. Members are always friendly too.
Disappointed in the way they changed making their nachos.  Not as good as before..
One of my favorite hotels to stay at when visiting Vegas. They have the best buffet also.
Awful! I got a pizza and a salad and it was such a disappointment. Burnt pizza!
Decent Chase branch. Sometimes things are very smooth and other times things are very slow
Stay away from this place.  Thay watch you work out.      4
Absolutely delicious. Will for sure go again and recommend to my team next time I'm in town.
The pizza isnt great. The server was very rude.  Overpriced. Can get better down the street.
did not enjoy at all! very low quality crab legs and (shell fish) over cook. but great sushi.
The perfect pub: food, brews, atmosphere, service, prices
Cool bar, craft cocktails, nice vibe
Delicious coffee and snacks. Vegan options available.
Awesome happy hour deals but ooohweee it gets crowed :) food yummy
Great food service and fish tacos on tues rock! Clean and the salsas at the salsa bar were delicious
Long wait but worth it.  The selection is incredible.  The Fresh Cut meat station was great
Great food, the owner was very helpful in catering dinner for a big group of my friends. Thank you
The nacho chips were fresh.  They are a little stingy with the cheese & bean toppings for the nachos
These donuts are phenomenal! Puffy, and moist. I love them! Very fresh, like they are fresh baked.
The staff is so nice, they're getting more soups in and they've added panini to the menu!
Chicken is too fat. Go to Gallo, one block north if you want really good Portuguese chicken.
This salon is fantastic!!  Very accommodating, great service, friendly staff and priced well.
Fantastic quality. Nice and warm. Friendly service and decent prices. Love this place!
Made cheap and taste cheap. Dry and not fresh. My LEAST favorite place to get donuts.
I had a sofa and bench that needed repaired.   Frank came out and repaired both.  Looks great!!!!
Exceptional customer service! Everyone is super helpful and you can tell they all enjoy their jobs!
Love this place ... A friend introduced me and it is now my GO TO place.  Yummy and great drinks
some of the worst gyro meat I have ever had.  the fresh veggies and good sauce saved it
Cool  dramatic and entertaining for a family outting.
     
The pho was great, excellent service, very fast and polite. Would def eat here again.
Its a bit pricey but the dumplings and service are good.
Food is always great in the clubhouse.  Service from the cart guys also fantastic.
I love the food here.  Great prices and great food. A lot for your dollar. Never had a bad meal yet!
The fried catfish here is so good. I wish they would bring back the all you can crab legs on Monday.
Great slice, lots of tv's to watch the game.
Great gym with a great atmosphere and staff. If you want results, this is the place to be. Love it.
Authentic, excellent. HUGE portions. 2 will feed 3-4 people. Friendly staff and clean location.
Excellent food, I would highly recommend this place,  wednesdays are 50% off ramen, it was delicious
Great staff and great food !!!!  Great reward programs, lunch specials and drink specials !
Love love love this place's street corn. Amazing service and great food.
Stab me in the face..... This is a disgrace to the word, FOOD.
The food was amazing and the portions are HUGE. It's def a must try. Totally worth it.
Crown is about great service, cold beer and patrons who appreciate and celebrate both!
Been there on Saturday noon. It had hell lot of items for buffet n most of them were good.
Pretty tasty. Excellent fresh OJ you'll want to check out!
My husband enjoyed the boneless chicken. I loved the pork tenderloin!  Great service!!
There outside patio is cool.  Buffalo chicken sliders are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!  10 stars!!
Pour des fruits de mer go teux et un excellent service.  Un peu cher par contre
Good Food.  Prices are high.  Service is not that great and it gets very busy on the weekend.
poke bowl is super yummy and filling - try it with the spicy kale noodles instead of rice :)
Not bad, Bacon Aioli was a little greasy.  Service was great, ambiance was also great.
A great foodie experience. Kevin (K2) was an outstanding waiter.
Food is amazing. Worth dealing with the customer service that is in need of major improvement.
Amazing food and atmosphere! Very clean and friendly! A must try! Wish there was a location by me!
Ended up here at the end of the night and without any grace devoured some awesome gyro nachos!
Wow can't believe fish is this good for only $12! And in Phoenix of all places!
Best desserts ever. Warm fluffy and sweet. Worth the price. Want to go back just for the desserts
Tina was mad because she didn't like the return policy and was very rude to the staff
This is a nice place. It is what is you come here for the ambient. The double feature is the best
Amazing bacon. Simply superb and unexpected for an airport terminal. Phenomenal. Great price.
Beautiful park in the middle of the city. Nice place to take skyline pictures especially at dusk.
So excited this place just opened! Amazing staff and great tasting tea and smoothie!!
Good but over price and they don't have few on menu nice cool place go back again try. Other item.
The best place to get Sushi in Concord. The wait staff is always friendly and great service.
Addicted! Shrimp cocktail.  The Watermelon Agua Fresca is delcious and refreshing.
My go to Greek spot!! Need my weekly fix Hands down best gyro in town and get the Greek fries
Different kind of Cuisine and different way to prepare. Not a big fan though and expensive.
Great food lots of options for dinner. Wonderful service!  Coming back for breakfast tomorrow.
Speciality Auto Glass was great to work with.
Professional installation, I would recommend to anyone who needs a pool table moved
Not great service No sign that they don't take cards for under $5. Bartender not helpful
One of the best beers in Cleveland. Food amazing, Pricey.
Went for the social hour seemed annoyed that we were there food was ok will not go back
I am a big fan of in n out burgers, all ingredients are fresh.  The price and quality are tops!!!
Quick service, around 45 min to put on a new tire. The serviceman was friendly and helpful.
Best service ever. Our server is Arden. And the food is great. Everything is perfect!! Thank you.
Food was good. Giant portions. The downside a very long wait almost 2hours total.
Subscribe to my channel Accuratebobusername  111113;;4? CF the tubby fighting DStv 74th:?
Not impressed and over priced.  Margarita was good. Bathrooms smelled of awful cleaning chemicals.
Great! Food and service is perfect! The place is very clean, men  has a lot of really great options.
We like this grocery store a lot, it's our go to for the area. Good selection, friendly staff.
Fantastic subs. Slow service but worth the wait.
Carne Asada fries! Open 24hrs and never too packed! Minus 1 star cause they got no Mexican Cokes!
Service kinda sucks and the servers are bitchy.
Beautiful hotel / casino. I don't think my husband and I will ever stay anywhere else.
Delicious Food and fun menu! Avoid going around noon, there's never anywhere to sit :(
Please refrigerate your fry sauces and other sauces that are just sitting out on the counter.
Super cute place with great service! Their Earl Grey Milk Tea is addicting! Love it!
Grade: C  Neighborhood bar. Unimaginative food. Good prices. Decent service.
I had a AC valve replaced in a beater of mine. They were quick and fair with the price.
This is my home base Marcs.  The staff are cool and it gets the job done.  My preferred store
Awesome Cigar Bar..Service Was Great ,Nice and Quiet...The Stogie and Bourbon Were Quite The Pair!
The margaritas, food, service, and rooftop view is awesome! My boyfriend and I love coming here!
Typical Vegas, went expecting nothing, got an incredible steak, seamless service and a good time.
Looove their sushi -  it's fresh and delicious. A little pricey but worth it!
1.  Excellent food 2.  Excellent service 3.  Free desert 4.  Quick service 5.  Great soup  A+
Drinks are generic and overpriced. Staff isn't polite. It's fine. Other places are better.
I mean that this place it's nice, nice atmosphere,nice  service.As for the food, just meh.
The last time we were here we were so disappointed in the wings--obviously frozen--mushy.
Awesome spot for locals and tourists alike ! Great value for your money and fast service
Great food...Atmosphere... Just had the soup of the day "Loaded Baked Potatoe" best soup ever.....
The pizza is great. The wings are horrible - soggy and greasy. Skip the wings, get the pizza!
I love this place! it is so relaxing when I come I stay @ least for 5 hours and I enjoy my ME time.
Great food and fabulous service. Sad to leave food on the plate, bit the portions are huge.
Fixed a zipper on my backpack! What a deal! These guys are great!
I've sold some clothes there I didn't need there nice and they have lots of cool things there.
Ben and crew were amazing, fast and efficient. Highly recommend them!
Good selection of glass and plenty of other smoking utilities for your needs
Great restaurant, excellent atmosphere. Heavy on the pork. Just a touch pricey.
Delicious fresh food but service is a little slow especially during the busy hours
Grilled turkey club is one of the best in the valley! Service excellent, as well.
Copier and printing department are rude, always busy for customers and do not want to work.
Service is excellent!!! Great food! Loved the garlic tuna!
Great food. Awesome wings!
Busy on weekends, its a Peter Piper what more to really say.
This is a solid mix of fun and drinking. The best part is watching drunk people ride the bull
This place recently closed down... for good :(  WHYYYYYYY????????
Fabulous hair cuts and colors every single time! Love these guys. 10/10 would recommend.
Overpriced food, sucky service, and they take a tip out without you choosing the amount.
Great modern, hip take to classic Jewelry deli! Go here! And service was excellent!!!
Love that they hav valet parking and awesome service.
Loved! Loved! Loved my experience. Definitely coming back! Elysa was amazing. So relaxed right now.
Good location  Don't ask for spicy as they will make it very spicy Standard Asian food
Super knowledgable and experienced, blissed out at end! I will definitely return!
Redfish is amazing! Also try the bbq shrimp and the taste of New Orleans dessert trio. Good service.
AMAZING SAMOSAS!!! fresh and really tasty. extremely affordable and cheap. highly recommended :) !!
Beckett's Table is one of the very best restaruants in the city of Phoenix; need I say any more!
I love their crust! The buffalo chicken pizza was heavenly and it is good cold too. :)
Yum! Yum! Yum! The best cupcake place in town. Highly recommend the banana nutella.
Drool drool drool over the grilled arichokes... Had that and a drink.... OMG want more......
Got the party-size pizza. It was enormous! Very tasty! Definitely will be back.
Fast delivery, arrived hot, polite driver and good pizza. Fresh ingredients and tasty..Thanks
Becoming more like a walmart with larger selections and apparel. Frys grocery quality always wins.
I stop here very often. Good food, clean, reasonable prices, great service, plus, close to home.
Great place for a quick lunch. Nothing fancy, but clean, reasonably priced and great food.
My goto place whenever I crave for some wonton soup. Perfect toppings at a reasonable price.
Awesome cowboy omelet!!! And as others have said the banana nut and pumpkin breads are amazing.
They've got interesting drinks and board games, plus- it's underground. What more could you want?
Stayed here on a road trip from NY,  the staff was so friendly, didn't stay long but it was good
Leila doesn't work there anymore. Sad! Advise booking a spot on-line before you arrive.
Great carne asada tacos but the fish tacos are even better! Large tacos and portions for the price.
New review in 2018: we used them again. Steve and his crew did another fine job!!!  Thanks Steve!
My son LOVES this place. Their rosemary garlic fries are really good.
3am open YES! $1.99 a gallon YES! Chips, hotdog, & redvines YES! Thank u Arco! Thank u Arizona!!!
They have fast, friendly and competent workers at this InO. You can't go wrong coming here.
Sounds like a brewery by the name but they don't brew. Limited food menu too. Not  what we expected.
My son loved it here, lots of toys to play with plus a ball pit to jump in.
Superior food and service. The flat Iron steak was perfect. We will return here.
Always a good experience. Great food. Great food selection and choices for all diet types.
Great atmosphere . Great cocktails , great food . Great music ....Jenae our server was amazing !
The food was under the average, it's took them 20 minutes to give us the two tacos that we ordere.
never going back.
Sam is awesome, shes always helpful and provides what I need. This Smoke shop goes above and beyond!
Never any issues, nice staff and location. Good for alterations of various clothing items.
My mother and I's go to spot. Amazing. Great serving sizes. Best mango sticky rice amd pad thai
A must for anyone living in Cleveland. I cannot emphasize how friendly this place is for beginners.
Literally THE BEST sushi place EVER . Staff is amazing, and nothing beats this place!!
Not bad cheeseteakes.  Great service, very friendly and beer/wine bar.
Criss Angel is amazing! His stunts will confuse you probably for the rest of your life.
This place is amazing. Chicken wings are on point. Highly recommended. Staff is friendly
Best beer selection in Pgh.
Very cute place love it service was nice everyone was so nice. Has a big menu lots of options
Ever been to an Irish/English pub type of place?  Then you've been to Mortimer's.
Went for lunch, the Italian Beef was very good. Go with the pasta salad over the fries.
Amazing staff good drinks and low prices..... The atmosphere was electric and contagious
This review is for the Barista!   Thank you for making me a proper double americano! It was fab!
Best shawarma in Toronto!!! The falafel sandwiches are awesome.
Great communication in scheduling. On time, fast, and extremely reasonably priced.
Worst dental rip off in my 62 years. Dr Bae.  Quack!
Went here for my friend's birthday. It was actually a pretty funny show! The food wasn't bad either.
Great food on the expensive side. I had hoped the tea would be free. Just like in Turkey :-)
I have natural hair, like 4c tight coils, they did a amazing job on my hair I love this place
Friendly staff. Not rushed. Very little wait time. Thanks for taking good care of me. :)
Cute place. Small, but with a friendly atmosphere. I had an excellent caf  Americano.
On a remarqu  mon camion pendant que j' tais   la banque. Belle fa on d'accueillir les gens!
Hipster central. Great ambience. Their food is just okay. Some drinks are hit and miss.
Terrible, preparation was sloppy, taste was mediocre. Sushi rolls fell apart.
The best BBQ in town, no question! Never disappoints. Lots of parking and there is never a wait.
Dinner    Ambience: 4/5   Food: 3/5  Service: 3/5 (Friendly) Value: 3/5  Repeat: Not sure
Everything is cooked perfectly. Staff is really friendly. Food is super delicious. Love this place!
My life's first ever food court win.  I'd even eat here as a destination meal.  amazing
Pleasant small bar, nominal food. Bartender is pretty dull. Really needs to lighten up
Yu-Yu is a great find. The service is excellent and the food is constantly good.
Decent Mexican in a good location. The atmosphere is open and inviting.
So I just picked up my car... It sounds like there's a plane flying over me as I drive it... Great!
Friendly service, even at 5am. I like the fact that I can get anything on the menu, even a taco.
WHAT???!! You don't serve breakfast????  I'll be back for dinner and update my post!
D licieux! Plats v g tariens disponibles. Service inconstant d'une soir e   l'autre.
Todd was our waiter & was amazing!!! Was super nice & friendly! The skillet cookie was also AWESOME
Amazing poke bowls!! Not much difference in quantity between the regular and deluxe though
Alexis is awesome! She did an awesome job on my classic fill! Will definitely be a return client!
The meat -- and the fun people -- are always great, but we super-liked the Tomahawk Steak tonight
Decent pad thai. They had their kids in the restaurant and they were loud.
had a party booked for next week they called today and said they were closed for good Skip It!
Gabe Was very helpful in trouble shooting my washer and helping me decide on a replacement.
We have been looking for a good Thai place close to home.  The food and service was excellent!
"JUDY HERE" hahahaha glad I found this place through vine. very nice food
I would have to rate Sushi Tower average.  Service was good.  Too bad the sushi didn't match.
Amazing service, staff and dentists!!! I highly recommend this office to everyone and anyone :)
Great food at a great price, just wish servings were bigger or you had less menu options sometimes
Stop in today! Very friendly staff and the food was really good. Would highly recommend!
The sage chicken and waffle is to die for! Come hungry, roll out full. Great serve and food.
The FREE doughnut day got me to this doughnut shop ... the Blueberry is my ultimate favorite
Friendly, very client focused, great work. Not to mention very sanitary and clean!!!!!!
Killer carne asada, good service, salsa bar, what else do you really need? Let's be honest...
Wouldn't come here again. My nails did not cure properly and started peeling.
Very professional office and staff.  I am hoping the diagnosis and treatment plan works quickly!
Great vegetarian rice ! Kind and friendly service :))) We usually do takeout which is great.
Manny is your man, if you need a professional fix for your house. Sympathetic and hands on.
all the sushi plates were $2!! And the sushi was pretty good as well  would definitely come again
Unfriendly service. Plain and the mediocre food. Nice seats on the outside, tough.
Great view of the State Capitol and good food.  Non pretentious staff and eclectic crowd.
It was better than I expected as far as "To Go" sushi is concerned. It i was kinda pricey though.
Awesome place! Customer service is off the charts and great deals on the best  bikes.
they have good burgers, fries and chicken. reminds me of red robins. yuuuuumy :P
I currently rate this as the best AYCE sushi in the neighborhood.
Was there with my grandma... food, service excellent authentic Japanese!  Just lovely!
A great place to grab some good beer and sit and enjoy them there. Friendly staff. Great selection.
Num Num Num. Every dish I sampled was delish! Delightful atmosphere and chow.
Very friendly, excellent service. Very accommodating to older clients. Love the massage chair
I keep coming back for that hometown charm and cozy coffee feel. Love love love this place!
Jen has loads of personality and energy. She mesmerizes the audience. Great show for kids, too.
I Love the food, the place is comfy, parking is free and it is in close to uptown!
Very good burgers (big sizes not McDonald crap) Very satisfying
Dropped in today from California, I love the look and the coaching. If you need. Box this is it!
This place is absolutely amazing. I had the braised short rib and it really knocked my socks off.
Great place in and out. Willing to work with me for all The work I need done. I highly recommend
they never answer the phone or even have voice mail during business hours.
Our new favorite place for business meetings, I'm a big fan of the large french roast!
It is crap compared to John Mull's or Lucille's over price and I can do better with a baby  Weber
Sooo nice!!!  The owner is a doll, and the burgers/fries are delicious!
Burgers & fries to die for. Piled on goodies. Root beer floats. Ice cream if you have room.
They have the best Smores chocolate covered pretzelrods!! And the cupcakes are huge and delicious!
The lamburger was awesome, the Kale salad was too! The gnocchi was unique and excellent as well!
First time here. They have an excellent menu served in a most pleasant Mediterranean ambience.
Nice atmosphere, pleasant staff, veal parmesan was chewy , and the calamari too.
Nice little breakfast/brunch place of hwy7. Had the cheese and ham omelette. Great coffee also.
great bartender
If your ever in Tempe Az this is a must. Cash only but awesome little hole in the wall restaurant.
Tony is not very friendly but he does get the job done right. I'd definitely recommend Oasis.
Awesome spot for breakfast brunch. Try the Red Velvet Waffle!
really good customer service only got A4 out of 5 stars because the Papa John's sign is blown out
5 stars. Feel I shouldn't say why and just do a mic drop and leave it at 5 stars. Go here and eat.
Costume stores never fail to cheer me up even if I don't buy anything.  I so love this place!
Closed, in grand style, with an eviction notice on the door.
Spicy Chicken Bowl is amazing!!! Fast delivery & nice people running the joint.
This is a great spot to grab a bite to eat before the movie. Typical Panda Express + free wifi.
Probably the worst bloody mary I've ever had! Didn't try the food.
Great restaurant! Good value for large portions that taste great. The service was excellent as well!
Amazing spicy pork and carne asada tacos!
Great people with quick service. Same great tasting coffee drinks with some pastries.
I usually get what I want here when I need it.  in and out in a flash.  Good people working here.
Love CD! The only problem is that it's hard to get a good table during peak hours.
Always the best. Love it here.  Fresh menu with daily specials. We come here often and we love it!
First time try out the kalbi short ribs noodle soup...it very tasty. Definitely will come back again
Great show. Amazing stage set up. Love the actors in the begining. Acrobats were awesome!
What a neat little shop. Enjoyed the French remix radio. How much is that goat in the window?
Apple Iphone6 glass broke and 15 minutes later it was just like new like it never happened Thank You
My new fav spot!  See-Saw + Beer + Fish Tacos!!! That is all.
The duck wings are phenomenal! Everything you can expect from a chef driven menu and resturant.
I found a dead bug in my meal...shall I say more?
Machine keeps taking money from my card and not cycling.   Rip off
Get the breakfast buzz. So delicious. Peanut butter banana chocolate and espresso. Heck yes.
Clean comfortable rooms!  Great customer service!  Staff is on top of things!
Most outstanding mac and cheese dish and wonderful pork belly. Very highly recommended.
Great place for lunch meetings.  Just above average Bar food.
Slowest service ever. Sat at our table waiting for so long ended up just having to leave.
Only reason why I go to Vegas nowadays... Kaba Curry!
The absolute best Teppan on the planet! Sauce nirvana! If I am going Vegas, I never miss this place.
Sloppy job, nail polish not even, and overpriced. Mani/pedi $55. I only pay $45 at rio nails.
I had Katsu Curry lunch here! The rice was not fulfilling but enjoyable!!
Busy place! Always have a wait time on weekends. Great drinks and food. Fried pickles are the best!
They did exactly what we needed done and was a fair price, will definitely use again!! Thank you!
Ask for Brian to be your server. He will not stir you wrong. A++++
Always a great experience when i come to this store! LOVE TIRZAH POPE she is the best ask for her!!
A by chance stop has altered my drive to the office.  The best coffee ever!
Awesome food. Awesome service.  Just had the Country Fried Chicken & Eggs. Very good!
Hood place to spend sometime with kids. Something unique among the places i ve been to
Staff rush things to get as many clients in as possible.  Do NOT recommend.
Mar a is very nice and helpfull. Always happy and smiling
It has been a blast to make our own wine from start to finish.   Highly recommend
It got a failed rating from the county health board
Nice place to eat and read (at least for me). Big plate of good food for not much money. Cash only.
Wow, wow,WOW! SUPER AMAZING GOOD. the best mess / shirt stains i made all week...enjoy!
I liked it better than craft steak. Had the filet mingnon. Ant the risotto potatoes were awesome.
Wouldn't recommend this place. Short rib philly wasn't very good and beer was way overpriced.
THE best sushi late night place in PHOENIX. The Saki drinks are exotic and tasty
Love love love kelly and her staff. Happy place. Great service, fair price! Go check them out!
The   &   are to die for. Definitely a true taste of Taiwan.
Got a fill with design and she made sure it was done right. Took her time which I appreciate.
very disappointing. Ordered fried cod, it's not fresh, smell so bad. Low quality frozen fish!
good place to dine in Had several great rolls Dha rainbow and in&out are really tasty 
Service was extremely quick and food was good. Only issue was their rice paper was very dry.
I love this place! Very kind and good stuff here I'm happy for finding out this place
Amazing authentic Yucatan food. Not your traditional "Tex-Mex" Americanized cuisine.
Great place ! Good service, knowledgable staff, quality items.
I can't complain about the food. Definitely worth coming back and the food prices are reasonable.
2nd time wasn't as great.  greasy as hell.
Totally overhyped tacos. The campechana fries were good and the highlight of our meal there.
Big anchor stores and wonderful brands with above average selection.
Terrible service. Our family had to wait 45+ minutes after getting seated to get our food.
Excellent food, awesome owner! Very delicious, would recommend to anyone looking for yummy take out.
Great food, friendly staff, good price. We are regulars now. The weekend is saved :)
Fast, efficient, and reliable! Would definitely recommend and plan to use them again in the future!
It was good, big portions, with tasty biscuits.
Good tacos, no horse dong to be found.
Staff is rude and prices are a joke! please close so somebody can open up a real cheese steak place!
Been there the first time and it was so good! This will be my go to place for korea food!
Food is just amazing..You have to try this place atleast once.
really a hole in the wall ! love their potato and rice besides the main dish. Thumbs up
Awesome service...great feedback ... excellent service for those with children and pets!!!
YUMMY! The watermelon marg was amazing. Great chips and salsa, and great tacos!!!
The food was ok.  But the service we had A LOT to be desired.  I don't plan on going back.
J'aime la place et la bouffe.. Le prix est raisonnablement et le service est rapide et courtois.
Too slowly for the service so disappointed that no one know the post code and too cold inside
The food is gr8, the Urily fish curry is awesum.
Spicy chicken sammy, put the cheddar cheese on cold at the end, can't vouch for anything else there.
My son did a Groupon 2 flights for $10.  Loved the Honey Bee Blond!  Happy hour snacks.
Don't give this place a chance.
Nice ambiance, huge patio, great beers, OK food, subpar service.
Decent food, solid drinks. Absurdly loud if u get there on a Friday or Saturday after 10.
Unique dining experience with excellent food and amazing waitstaff! Highly recommend for date night
Solid Texas style BBQ and Shiner Beers. Nothing better.
must go! bomb breakfast! huge portions! friend chicken was the bomb! still full!
Bacon on my donut...yes please....This place is great and donuts are made fresh while you wait.
Very upscale cigar bar.  Great sprits but it comes with a price but all good things do.
It was so nice to walk in and see a smiling face. Thank you Cynthia for your great customer service!
Great service from beautiful staff, wonderful food selection and the sushi bar is excellent.
Doesn't take credit cards outside at the pump. Debit only. Bye bye I'll go to a real gas station.
Not  Light!  Not Skinny!  All Fat!   Loved it!   Once a monther or I would weigh 500lbs!   Loved it!
Great selection, fair prices, good quality, soon wait when I was there, friendly and helpful staff.
So nice to have something not heavy and (hopefully) nutritious for lunch! Service was outstanding!
Nice atmosphere. Great service. Food is terrific with lots of options. A regular for us.
Anthony is the barber to see here. Hot towel and a fresh lather razor shave does wonders
Overpriced food, ordered take-out sushi and sashimi boat, rice was very dry and cold. Not recommend.
Horrible service!!! I wouldn't NEVER bring my husband here again!!! I would die before coming here.
Best barber shop in town. Ask for Sal. Great haircut. you may even get a joke if you are lucky.
This place is great! Super healthy and friendly! I love the owners they are super great
A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
Service a t bar was lame. Service in dining-room was pleasant. Menu is nice, food is so-so.
It's Cracker Barrel - you probably know everything that can be said.
The food made me sick and throw up and the show dragged a lot
Amazing spot. The chef here is the best. Definitely worth a trip there anytime you are in Vegas.
Muy ricos tacos Los recomiendo cada vez, Que vengo alas vagas , me gusta venir aqui!!!!
best in town hands down. pink box stole everything from this guy, and tried to take over vegas. NOT!
Best in Mesa and entire state! Eat here a couple times a week!
Fantastic Italian food served by a professional staff . You  won't  be disappointed .
Great place! The food is fresh and so full of flavour, and the staff makes you feel like family!
This was a really fun bar, good vibe and great live music- definitely get there early for it.
Excellent, fast, honest, affordable service. And a nice, dog-friendly man too. Thanks again, Bill!
Filthiest , most disgusting Mens room in all of Las Vegas !!
Big dim sum fun, good quality food here. Expensive due to location etc.
Ewwwww, this place is gross. Kinda smells like a urine trough without the blue smell good thingy.
Greatest Sushi Ever !  Fried Chicken Is A1. Shu-Mai is Fire !!  Very Awesome place to Eat.
Love there red sauce for there enchiladas.. FYI, they only accept cash but they do have an ATM.
African American ladies new to town just call and ask for Sydney her will hook you up
Pizza is amazing . Awesome home made sauce nice toppings . Highly recommend this place .
My favorite sports bar on the strip. Love the staff! Everyone is friendly and attentive!
I love the service  food was excellent. The cornbread, chicken everything about this place
Everything is great! True Japanese food. Highly recommended kushiage and chicken porridge.
Corned Beef. Where is the beef!!!!!???? and the price for a sandwich...oy vey
Best Margaritas ever and our favorite place for happy hour!
Incredible food, service was on point, and classy, fun atmosphere. Great for a group or for a date.
Kenley was the bomb.com Completely genuine and runs the show like pro.  100% recommend this place
Awesome coffee, this place is hip and cozy!!! Customer service is impeccable. Just loved.
Just about the best store in Vegas with the best price. Jim is always a nice guy to deal with!
Wonderful atmosphere with a live pianist! The cronuts are super delicious and reasonably priced!
Great barber shop! My husband and son tried several places since moving and this is the best by far!
Had the beef chow fun. Fantastic! Can't wait to come back. Over 100 meals on the menu!
An $8 sandwich loaded up with old browning lettuce. Yum. Yeah right.
I will recommend going to this place because it has the best honey-toast in Las Vegas.
Always someone or something wanting a hand out. This place smells in the early mornings
i keep getting threatening emails from this office about some binding contract i have no idea about
It's hands down The best poker room in Vegas in every comparable way.
Very knowledgeable staff, absolutely love delivery service. Kind to me every time I need to call.
I like pho in here. Very light and fresh
Amazing nachos, protein bowl!  Best Mexican food I've ever had! Service was impeccable.
I really love this place. They are affordable and quick, and offer evening appointments.
Closed an hour before posted time tonight. No sign on the door. The restaurant had long been closed.
Great drunken noodles with beef.  Dinner came with coconut ice cream which was yummy too!
Impeccable service. I would give them ten stars if I could. The best hotel bed I've ever slept in.
I will never checked in in this hotel again. Bad customer service. Not a family friendly stuff.
The service was great. The happy hour special was affordable. Food and drinks were tasty
Extremely dissatisfied
Eh. Service took way too long and attitude was sub par.
Clean, friendly, made a great sub, cookies were the best I've had in ages! Thanks again! :)
Really great food. Awesome views of the river. Try the fried croissant with strawberries :-)
Best gyros I have had outside Chicago. Definitely worth the trip. I will definitely come back.
Amazing service! Quick turnaround. We sent in an Inquiry and he was out the next day to measure.
Coco wawa!!!  I love this restaurant.  Excellent service/Excellent food.   Go eat there.
Fresh hamburger. Not frozen. Fries made fresh too.  Kind of like in-n-out. Nice place.
I only come here because of the staff. Que is the best!!! Very polite and nice. Helpful and kind.
Prompt, friendly service at a reasonable price. Very happy with the results. Highly recommended.
I love a breakfast place that has healthy options and free pie :-)
Great food. Great location. Everyone is always very friendly.  Best chicken teriyaki bowls.
I recommend the beef nachos at happy hour , a meal for 2 or 3 . Delicious marinated beef.
Absolutely love this restaurant, excellent food and prices! Try the red lentil soup !
Incredible food - great service looking forward to bringing the baseball team here for wings.
Love my Starbucks, but it sucks sitting outside, to many pan handlers.
The sweet habanero wings and philly fries are the absolute best things you can get!  Hella bomb!!!
I love this boba joint ! They have huge sizes at a very affordable price and its really GOOD.
The service was EH The appetizers were good  The bison loin was excellent  The service was EH
I been here twice now and every time the food was a little burnt!! They have some awful cooks.
I had the Cuban sandwich and it was incredible. Campus Grill is a little unexpected hidden gem.
great place people are friendly,good service and totally relaxed myself. I will be back.
Lives in the UK for a few years, this place comes close. The food is decent!
The food was just OK! It is definitely over priced.  The sausage was over spiced.
They make a necessary evil a pleasant experience - quick and easy with a smile and you're done!
Love the staff & Cakes! Thank you for always being so wonderful & Delicious
I got pizza and wings. The pizza crust they use is amazing. The wings are really good too
A solid choice if it were anywhere else but in the middle of an extraordinary restaurant row.
Luv this place, great location, great coffee and phenomenal outside view, right by the lake.
Heartfelt apology from owner. Will see how next treatment goes. Termite inspection 5 star!
Atmosphere wasn't my thing. Dark and depressing but food was fairly good.
Always polite and my lawn looks great. I added mosquito guard this year and what a difference!
The Lady who helped me, very nosey and felt like she had judged me right then and there.
Morning crew sees me everyday and they are awesome and nice!
All you can eat sushi for $25! The food tasted great but the service was fairly slow.
Daughter had screen repaired at home in 25 minutes. Almost painless!! Very fair pricing snd honest
4 words: ORDER THE ATL WINGS! Whether you get them spicy or regular, get the ATL wings. Trust me
Great food. Great customer service. Very speedy. We will be back! Best chinese food in the area.
I Am super-impressed with the beer! We got a sampler for $7,  which includes 4 small beers.
Super!!! ya son dos las oportunidades en que lo visito
Hawaiian Airlines employees are always friendly and helpful. Pleasant to deal with.
A young bar after 10pm.  Food nothing special and full of the Richmond Hill regulars.
Great donuts but the employees are complete buttholes!
i had a awesome time . the roon was great
The grilled cajun bbq wings are amazing. Always great service and a great dining experience here.
Our favorite place to eat in Vegas! Our entire family loves this place!! Food is delicious!!
Great sushi and excellent hospitality. Most importantly very affordable prices for lunch.
My friend no longer works for this shop, so I can't give them a full 5 stars.
Meh. Another chain restaurant/sports bar.
I like!  Gorgeous furniture, good deals on coffee, hot chocolate, and pastries!
The only food I like here is the ramen. aka the instant ramen.
Service here was decent, food was just average. Lots of TVs around if you want to watch a game.
Best shisha hands down, especially because of their outdoor seating. The food is good too
Great selection, clean, and good prices.  Nice jewelry selection too.
The manager or owner is nice. The food is decent.
Great and fast service, excellent beef tips and fried pickles!
The girl in the cocktail glass was awesome. It was quite amusing overall.
Good food,  I thought I was gonna get a small portion. But portion is more than enough. Good flavor!
Alright drinks, but they come out of a slushy machine so they are great for what they are...
Great Margaritas!!!!!!food ok...friendly service.....very loud!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It's simply amazing  Adem s es atendido por latinos y el servicio y porciones son incre bles
Best noodle in the city hands down. I come here at least once a week. The pork belly is insane !!
Great local place with all kinda of interesting lunches.
It was very good very loud. Very good food. Loved the pancakes and egg dishes The staff was great.
Great happy hour! I would recommend the tuna over the shrimp but plenty of options for all
Great job! Nice and fast! Annie is great got so many compliments  Brow tint is amazing too
Great ice cream and they have healthy ice treats for dogs too. Thanks for being dog friendly.
Have another update - it's good again. First review still applies.
Always stop at Joe's when I go to Pittsburg. Staff is always nice and the seafood is awesome.
Awesome pizza and delivers to the concourse.  Nice clean place to go to as well
Excellent service, decor and food was amazing! We had The rack of ribs and steak! All halal! Must go
Lots of rice to sushi ratio to try and fill you up! Decent AYCE... Chefs were really cool...
Friendly staff cooks up a culinary delight. Take the whole family. Most meals are $6 or less.
Horrible service . It's like a bother to ask them for a drink . Never coming again !!!!!!
If you are craving a good authentic Thai restaurant this is the place to go!
Very caring and kind. Very reasonable prices. I am so pleased and they will be in my vet from now on
Good service, food , variety & prices. Do not miss this place
Excellent  Service impeccable  Food cheap et bon
Love this preschool! My kids have learned so much in a play based environment.
Love 1oak, great atmosphere, great music!! Highly recommend this nightclub for a good time!
They're remodeling the entire store!  Suppose to be complete in October 2017.  Let's hope it's good.
Not happy with this company at all. Would not recommend. I cancelled after two weeks.
I went in on Sunday afternoon and Fernanda was amazing!!!! Great customer service and very fast.
Beautiful landscape! Hotel rooms were luxurious and comfortable. Hotel staff very accommodating.
Awesome view and service.  Not too pricey for a Grandview restaurant
Store has a ton of options and the manager/owner were amazing to work with. Definitely going back.
Clean gym, usually not a huge line for equipment. The staff was nice and really no complaints.
Highly recommend the Cowans Ford Cheesy Bread! Wonderful :)
Great staff and food. A must if in the area  Ariel the best.. can't go wrong at this place
Extremely good and fresh donuts daily. Their bagel breakfast sandwich is really good.
Excellent food and service, highly recommend this local place!  Lunch menu has a great variety.
they were fast and professionals, but dont give them your tv's as they will be damaged.
Terrible service.   Terrible job. NO CLUE!! Use another car wash service.
Sushi was decent, the entree and appetizer was the worst I have ever had.  Stick with Sushi Loca!
The service was great and the food was better. Great atmosphere and totally affordable
Good food, reasonable price,  friendly staff. Good service. Rava dosa excellent. Good  location
This was more on the pricey side, but after tasting the food it was all worth it! I got the Gnocci!
Since I wrote my review it looks like this place has actually closed down. I must be psychic.
Great Donner and lovely staff This is one of the few places that make shawarma like it should be.
Love the ambiance, the hat Sake and the tasty sashimi!  This place is my go to for sushi and fun.
Wasn't good! My Caramel Pecan shake with added malt just taste like vanilla ice cream
Very nice hotel. Staff was friendly. Lots of eminities. Would stay again if in the area.
Katie has done my nails several time. She's always super friendly and does a very good job.
Very nice, large LV location, and the staff was great. Quiet when we went.
Fun place.  Lots to do from restaurants to clubs to movie theatre.
Great find! Awesome service and the food was fantastic! The live Brazilian music was a plus!
Cutting edge technology and the most compassionate staff
First time try the five styles tartare. That's a good beginning and it leaves me a nice memory!
I had their vermouth blanc and rogue. Best drink I've had made for me. Flavor was ON FLEEK!!
After 5 yrs still my Favorite Taco shop to go. Love the idea of late hours during the week.
Best barbershop in town! Very clean and professional. Laura always does an amazing fade.
Wow.   Great food and service.   Seriously the best fries i have ever had.   Excellent pita as well.
No snow crab in lunch, everything is bad. No worth for the holiday price $30+ per person.
Always busy, always a wait. Decent beer selection and a large but somehow limited menu.
I can't believe how wrong I was ... wtf?
The guys were very professional, efficient and did a great job. Very pleased with their work.
LOVE IT. Simple. Great food. Excellent service. We came here on our honeymoon and it was Amazing.
I liked it, was real chill and I played checkers but they said they ran out of Matcha  how
this place is the best + it's open 24 hours -- rolled tacos are dank af
Tamra is amazing... great pizza and a wonderful atmosphere... Half price wine on Sundays...
Very tasty Chinese cuisine in the west island. Their peanut butter dumplings cannot be beaten!
Average selection and service. I go because they carry liquid seaweed. Nothing special to report
Sushi was warm. Old wasabi. Staff started cleaning the floors with pine sol while we still ate.
Scottsdale Village Square is the worst care you can ever provide for your elderly family.
I have to say I love the plating at the restaurant. Food is great as well.
Chris is very professional.  We continue to find value in the Aptive's service.  -Jennifer O
Great food,great hosts, 110% excellent service and very good ambiance.  I am definitely coming back!
just walked in grabbed a milk tea and walked out. was just what i expected of it.
The views, the food, and a great place to be when Pittsburgh does fireworks off the point.
Friendly Staff -- Good Food at Popular Prices -- Nice Rooms -- Railhead GREAT Live Music Venue
They did a great job on both my boys! Very friendly and the place is really clean and kid friendly!
Nice little neighborhood Gastro Pub, love the chopped salad nothing but fresh veggies!!!
do no go get a bikini wax here.  i was burned pretty badly.
Bad Service. Order to go Perking duck but can not find sauce and onion in the package.
This place is very good. Fresh always. Great prices. I love the chicken humus salads.
Well deserved 5 star rating. My wife and I love this place !! Great food , staff and atmosphere !
Love it. Great vegetarian and carnivore options. Welcome to West Park Thai Elephant!
The noodles on our pho is hard and not cooked well. Soup smells stinky
Ordered dinner for 6 at home...  it was delicious and flavourful.  Lots of fresh veggies.
A great salami on bagel sandwich - and very inexpensive! I love it!
Great drinks, even the wells!!! An absolute must. Great service! They have beer and wine too.
Sonny is the best he does my nail perfect  my nails are never bulky when he does them
free limo ride. no cover. got my first lap dance. it was a pretty good night!
Brian in the Service Department is very pleasant.  My vehicle was ready when he said it was.
Amazing salads and rice bowls. Also love the soup. Huge portions an really nice, quick staff
Pretty new but can feel chef's enthusiasm about the food. Great taste and decent portion.
Wow, my experience here was totally awesome. The staff and food ROCKED!!!  thanks
When the world ends, I want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos.
Great place to go for a walk. Never too crowded and has good scenery. Also a nice place to fish.
Good like in Chi so 5/5. Love their fries and dipped beef.
I wish I did not signed with them. I feel taken advantage of.
The avocado toast for breakfast is amazing. Service is meh. Millennialist being cool.
Really good seafood, decent pricing. Wear the gloves!
DO NOT GO! Just a piece of shiiiiiiit!!!! I am Chinese, trust me! That's not Chinese food!
Great food, great service! Portions are big and enough to share. Banana bread is great!
Clean restrooms, lots of road food ready to go.
Love the freshness of this place. And the homemade donuts are yummy.  Fun family entertainment.
Always a terrible line and never enough registers.  You need to really want something to wait.
Great. This place is worth to stay and better than New York.
I don't understand why this place has good reviews it's overpriced, dry, and tasteless.
Always have a better selection than the california locations.. Men options, always have my sizes.
Good bread, oven fresh ingredients nice staff, a regular spot for us. Dessert is awesome
The wings here are awesome.  This is a fun place to take kids, too.  Very casual and loud.
This place is very roomy for big parties and a nice place if you are in the mood for AYCE KBBQ!
Great family dinner with fantastic service. Had the Sirloin Masala. Would highly recommend!
Caff  latt  est excellent et ils sont magnifiques ! Tr s bon service et nourriture excellente.
Awesome Mexican food. Tacos are amazing with their different meats. Good variety on thier menu.
2 words_------___________--------- shit hole!
Oh, heck Ya! What a great place for good draft beer and tasty food. You won't be disappointed
Great Airport Burger  & steak Fries!
Excellent service and fantastic well crafted meals. Extremely satisfied and will be back!
Final Four and Zipps is understaffed and service was poor. Will go to another place next time.
I love this tacos in Vegas , that I have to came to Tijuana and eat them one more time!!!!
Highly recommend Bre if you are looking to get a balayage/ombr  done! So happy with my results.
Best donuts in town. Always fresh. Cake donuts fluffy and moist. Buttermilk is full of flavor
  Starbucks   
A cool shoe store. They have knowledgable people and a good selection of running gear.
Really, just average at best. We ordered summer special salad a buffalo chicken salad. Boring!
Food is excellent, great service, highly recommend the California club breakfast sandwich.
Great dentist office! Everyone is very friendly, they offer refreshments and everyone seems to care.
Wicked. The first bar that has bowling lane. Lol. Lots of open space and plenty of room.
The chicken shawarma plate with spicy hummus is delicious.  I love coming here whenever I'm in Mesa.
I miss Phat Burrito but Johnny B has been consistently great for years.
The best BBQ around!!!  Try the Pulled Pork Nachos!!!
Clean rooms & comfortable bed. We enjoyed the free breakfast. Free wifi
This place always deliver the perfect diner every time. The menu is incredible and diverse
Really cool place with all kinds of sausages. Very nice vegaterian as well and pickles to die for.
Food was COLD.. not what i thought it would be like. I was not feeling it.................
Great cold brew, quiet place to be productive and nice views outside!
I enjoyed this Japanese restaurant!!  The Plum ice cream is AAAHH- Mazing and a must try!
Extremely fast service, good food, lots of choices. We went on a weekend and there was no wait.
Great dentist doctor everything so happy with them
Late season air conditioning repair is perfect. Troy and Dean with the crew take good care of me.
Wonderful ice cream & gelato. Friendly vendors. Best location at the Atwater Market. Love it!
My pedi was not that great. My best friend got her nails sone by the owner they came out nice
Oh my god yum! Best burger I have had. Totally worth dealing with the trash on the strip!
What a great place and excellent staff! My daughter actually looks forward to going to the dentist!
T and his gang are wonderful and will try to accommodate any design you would like or need
Intimate 50 person audience performance from God himself, Noel Gallagher.
FIVE STARS ARE NOT ENOUGH!  i love the chill atmosphere and stiff drinks!  will def be back!
$25 for a standard pedicure and they did a great job.  Friendly and very accommodating.
Amazing food, great ambiance and friendly excellent service. Pizza and pastas were delicious!
Lindsey rocked it as our waitress. Food and drinks as always are the best.  Love the House of Blues.
resurfaced my pool with mini pebble - great job and good price!
you'll love this place, good people, great service, and priced right. check it out you'll come back.
CLOSED ... actually sold to Planet Hollywood.
Such great ambiance and service by Chris! Great venue for a fun night out with friends!
Great food. Good portions. A little pricey but good quality food and friendly staff.
Matador is fabulous! I'm enjoying a cup of iced green tea at the moment and it's not too shabby.
Great customer service. amazing low prices. and great selection
Best tacos ever! Staff are friendly and who can beat $2 tacos.  So delicious. Definitely coming back
Excellent pizza, Naples style! The bread of the pizza was a bit dry, but excellent overall.
Inside the casino, reasonably priced and seats with recliner. Awesome movie experience!!
Looks like a cool place but it's just average... With average service and average food.
This placed has improved.
The Small plates menu in the Bar is AWESOME!!! Love the Elysian Fields Lamb Sliders!!!!
Okay food. Good & fast service. Reasonably priced. Awesome outdoor seating. Enjoyable experience.
Excellent. Fresh. Top Notch Service. Genuinely Friendly. Clean. We will definitely be back!
Beautiful place! My dramatic younger daugther had tears in her eyes after the first bite
Total hole in the wall. Would definitely recommend. Great atmosphere.
Best fish tacos in Arizona! Nice people. Easy location to get to
The food and atmosphere was great! Get the pretzel bites, SO good and so worth the extra calories
One of the best meals of my life. Service, food, atmosphere: all perfect.
My favourite place for hairstyle. These guys know hair. Keep the up the good work Terry & Nick!
Awesome service! One of the CLEANEST! animal hospital I've been to! Staff is super friendly!
Strong margaritas, delicious guacamoles, creative interior design, and it's a Pokestop!
Chicken and pork souvlaki dinners are amazing ....and the tatziki is out of this world! FREAKY ZEEK
Very delicious! Must try pork bone soup, BBQ pan, hot pots and mageolli(Korean rice wine)
The lobster bisque should be called a heavy cream soup with a lite essence of lobster
Excellent food! Better greek food than on the Danforth in Greek town! Totally worth it!
 ......
The food was excellent!!! Service was impeccable very good selection of fresh fish and seafood
this place smelled. they wouldn't let me see a puppy unless  I really want to buy it .
Repaired my iPhone screen within 30 minutes, good price, no complications... Thumbs up
Loved it. Great food and coffee.  Make sure to try the chicken and waffle sandwich - unreal good!
Can't take orders properly and wouldn't give me a refund after I honestly did not like the food.
Sama is simply the best! I highly recommend Sama! Her salon is ALWAYS clean and very welcoming!
nice liver dish nice vegetarian dish Friendly staff Good price for a 3 course lunch.
The best HONEY BREAD EVER...so good. My fiance said "The best dessert I have ever had." 10 stars.
great people, food was very good....best late night place near the casinos on Rancho for the price.
Love this place! Great for casual food & drinks with friends.
Uninspired overpriced vegan food. I cannot believe they got rid of the rye bread. RIP rye bread
First time here. Great sandwiches, clean and friendly place. Definitely recommend it!
Worth a trip down University Ave - just bring a DD or cab it. Ridiculously good selection of beer!
It wasn't a compliment. Learn to read. Did you see the part where it said it was the worst.
Lousy thanksgiving dinner ever!! And found hair in my salad, cranberry sauce from a can.
Great place for grooming!  I got the de-shed treatment (border collies) and it was only $55 per dog!
Excellent job. My truck looks so much better. I can once again drive it with pride. Thanks.
Not long enough.  Otherwise great models and real items if the human body.
This place is wonderful. Great customer service from all the staff and the jump had amazing views.
Best Chinese restaurant
Food was good the servings are doubled. The pancakes was massive!!! Like it will feed 2-3 people.
Delicious rolls! 4 stars because the service isn't phenomenal and it's a little pricey.
best pad Thai in the city hands down!
Absolutely love Barrett Jackson - gets better every year. Great cars & awesome food vendors.
The business contacted me immediately to resolve the problem. I appreciated this greatly.
Where did the Bike Den go? I went to get gas today and it's gone!
Guillermo was professional with excellent customer service skills..Keep up the good work..
The people that work here were very nice and helpful. It was the first time I've ever taken the bus.
Interesting little place. Gotta try it at least once. I love their coleslaw.
One of my favorite spots to meet up with friends, we love the decor and drink specials!
They are the best! They are honest and won't rip you off. I have been going there for years.
..katon oilik krmifukrmum humh buromix bojnhmlmbojnhmlmy T ivhlogon hi katon   f for vh
Outstanding from start to finish. Great food at a reasonable price. My wife and I will be back soon.
Love Grimaldi's! Always great service and excellent food! Shared The Don, best meatballs!
The service was very slow. It toke almost an hour to get our burgers.  Also it wasn't that tasty
Amazing, unique, tasty pizzas and awesome happy hour (half 0ff drinks and appetizers)
Food was delicious! Bourbon was even better! Great atmosphere! Can't wait to go back!
MAE  The quality of the workmanship and products are not acceptable. Do not use theses folks
service was horrible. Asked for a glass to 3 different ppl before i got a dirty one
Yum!!! Moved away from here 5 years ago. Whenever we are in town we eat here.
This place is awesome. Beautiful atmosphere and great service.. The food is simple and delicious..
loved their diverse choice of plants!! the storekeepers are super friendly and helpful!
Beer is almost an afterthought here. Incredible space and layout, extremely unique and comfortable.
Awesome tacos and breakfast! Everything is full of flavor and spice.  Love this spot!!
Took cupcakes and caramel, nut shortbread to party a hit! Staff very friendly consistent quality
Great food, awesome decor! Love the entire layout and staff is super friendly! Must try
Great staff, nice room, excellent iced chai latte!!  Thank you!
Excellent bbq place! Just like Texas. Is worth to wait. Food and service was excellent
Small place but friendly people, great jerk chicken, and price was just right.
This is great Mexican fast food. No fuss, no muss. Straightforward good food.
Absolutely amazing steak wrap... Big portions fresh veggies and sauce is to die for..
Typical afternoon tea. Just looks nice, nothing special about the taste. Service was very slow.
Just ok. Tiny cupcake and the texture is too soft, and scant amount of frosting for a regular size.
Updating to show they have reopened and we are so glad our favorite mom and pop sushi place is back!
My car just automatically turns in when I see Liberty market, always a treat.
Great tasting food! Large portions.  The sampler platter is HUGE. Great customer service!
Love there Mocha coffee and sandwich called the Picinic with slices green apples in it so yummy
Best place ever! They do an amazing job and prices are fantastic!
Kinda skidsville supreme.  Patio is OK though.  I'd try going up the road instead.
Very impressed with the waffle sandwiches. Fries were meh, but enjoyed the experience overall!
Best place to eat in Madison. Great drinks, food, and service. A must visit.
Ok food- overpriced. Cool  atmosphere.
The staff are awesome. Units and amenties are beautiful. Love all of the events they plan!
Subs and bread are bomb. Wings and sauce- awesome. Super nice staff and family. My new go-to.
Best Turkeys in the city.   Always FRESH Killed and organic.
I absolutely love this place found a lot of lost things that I can bring back to life.
Switch is a lovely place to eat and relax after a hard days work. Great staff. Highly recommended..
Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.  Heat/AC wasn't updated, pretty typical besides that.
This place is awesome! great tasting juice & the employees are always nice & knowledgeable.
Best of the best  Should try if you are in Vegas. Highly recommend the HK burger,it was really good.
Love this place! The best onion rings,  Philly cheese steak and chicken tenders.  I'm hooked.
Shuffle board, large huge TV's, decent draft selection, friendly staff and tasty finger food.
I love their frozen custard. A scoop of vanilla and choc everytime :). Yummy!
Nice quite restaurant. Service was great. Food was very good. Definitely on my favorite list.
A gas station is a gas station.  Went at night.  Well lit.   Everything working. No complaines.
This is a great facility with awesome staff. Definitely a clean and welcoming environment.
Great place for dance and partying late night. Guys have to pay 5$ entry on weekends.
Love the food and people. The new guy Paul is great with people and helping people out.
Best burgers in town. Great atmosphere. Service always with smiles.  Monte Cristo is the bomb.
Place is original! Great food and service was good! Looking forward to our next visit!
Nice bridge to ride or walk over.  Goes to Station square from downtown.
Great food, good atmosphere and our server Aubrey was super friendly and kept checking in on us :)
Been seeing Dr. Tran for about 4 years he is very good and I recommend him for eye care and glasses.
Veronica has messed my eyebrows twice. Since anabelle left no one is good . This really suxs
This place has a nice feel but the American breakfast was horrible. The service was just ok
I'm not vegan and I loved the food here. The orange chicken and crispy eggplant were delicious!
Everybody here was good help it was a good visit thanks to potter Becky Omar and dr ting
Nice scenery inside, very spacious, and clean. My meals are always good here, We will go back.
Best Vietnamese in the city. We come here all too often.  Fresh, flavourful and delicious.
Great beer selection, great food (wings), friendly staff. Want to go back soooo bad.
Butterjoint has great perogies and I mean the real authentic stuff.   The burgers are great also.
Overpriced and snobby.  Stylist was on the phone and walking away from my appointment consistently.
Fresh, healthy, food that is prepared fast. Couldn't get better than that!
Hot damn, could this be a new obession!?!? My thighs say NO my heart says HELL YES
He is seriously the master of haircuts. Went there for the first time and got my best haircut ever.
My favorite hand car wash, friendly management and workers ..Great job !!!  I love it!!! Thanks!!!
delicious food and great service!! i would totally recommend this to anyone coming to vegas
Amazing pizza!! My only complaint is the price. It's a tad pricey for what you get.  Super yummy!!
Great service. Great price for the amount of food you get. Try their pumpkin or banana nut bread.
Yummy sauce Very good steak hoagies The Best Staff is very friendly Real fast service
Decent burger.  Had bbq sauce too. Lauren great server and cute too.
Best Mac and cheese in the area! Food and service are great. I would definitely recommend!
Poor service overpriced food. Nothing special. Slow service.  Snobish waiters. Undercooked food.
Biryani taste is improved, please increase quantity of raita.
Great food, beautiful view.  A must if you are nearby, and worth the drive if you aren't.
Love this pizza!  Serious slice price so reasonable!  Service always friendly!  Great place!
the food is great well prepared and lots to choose from ther service is alright
My favorite place to eat for lunch (: also very convenient because I work in the collier center.
Excellent restaurant indien Bon service et excellentes entr es et le menu d gustation un must!
Josh was awesome!  He was super friendly and helpful.  Zella's is my kids favorite pizza.
Everything was Awesome except the hostess. Too bad the first impression of the business was so poor.
This place rocks.  Friendly staff and calming atmosphere.  I recommend it to anyone!
Cold beer and friendly faces. Love this bar. Come here all the time when traveling for business.
1) chef quit on the day I went so there was no food 2) shisha was good  3) it was a bit expensive
Got what a needed in and out fast :) everybody was friendly and helpful ,will be back soon:)
I got a burrito, finished the entire thing, and am now sad about being burrito-less. Wow yum thanks
Inside Mandalay Bay; good food, nicely decorated venue, and great live music!
Amazing steak!  Best in the valley for sure. Service was fantastic and seafood tower was crazy.
The best place to get Mexican food around!  Staff is always friendly and service is generally quick.
This place is now under new ownership. The pho is srill delicious and broth excellent!
Old Hotel with some recent interior updates. One major plus is full bar in hotel and good breakfast
Delicious and their price is pretty good. The staff are very nice  I recommend Chai Lat  !
Eastport Lobster Roll with Gouda Cheese - Absolutely delicious!
Nick was awesome. I took my boys for haircuts   he did a wonderful job! I'll definitely come back.
Good burgers and fries but a bit small. Staff is friendly and attentive. Low key place.
Love this place, they have anything you want for your kitchen you dont have to be a restaurant.
Spacious Salon and always had a good hair cut.
Bad food and attitudes Also I posted a pic of my food while ch was hideas and it was deleted
Shows independent and foreign films but is still a corporate atmosphere.
Woww last fill visits here I realized I not like before. Even my quiche come out burned
Stay away from this place ! Dirty , disorganized, horrible staff !
What a rip off. Did nothing for 15 minutes and $85.00. Was no help and very unprofessional.
Fast, thoroughly clean my car...BETTER than Laserwash. Got the 3 month package; great deal.
I can't feel my face.  Ample drink supply, lots of friendly people... why WOULDN'T you come here??
AWESOME gelatos! I got a tiramisu and dear God I was in heaven! Definitely must go back!
New menu and management have completely turned this place around...Chorizo pizza is the sureshot!
The hula bowl with acai is fire!!!!!!!!!! I could eat that everyday multiple times a day!
Good local spot. Friendly staff, great service and food!
Always wonderful!
This pizza has no flavor. The crust was good but that's really it. Totally disappointed.
I love coming here! This place never disappoints! The sushi and staff are always on point!!!
Really fabulous food! Great service! Very nice! Definitely worth the drive from the East Valley!
Overpriced and dirty in just a few words....... the sandwiches we ordered were less than tasty.
Eden did an awesome job! Exactly what I wanted and I will be back for a fill soon! :)
Service was ok food bland  French onion soup sucked over priced will not return
Great place and fun time! I'm the most picky person about service, they are absolutely great!
The best local spot for breakfast and lunch. Food is consistent and the company is great.
Servicio excelente y r pido  Recomiendo a mis amigos a adquirir los servicios de DMV amigos.
Kyle N. showed up on time and did a great job. Professional service with appropriate equipment.
The nachos and Dr Pepper are on point. They need to fix the thermostat it's freezing in this birch
Nice vibe service was good, I like their spicy wonton and the wonton hand pulled noodle soup~~
Amazing food. Fair prices. Fun employees. Big Pita's. This is just the facts type post.
I've eaten here a few times and the food, service, and price are hard to beat . Awesome food!!
Dr. Parker and his team are best in class service I have never had a bad experience here.
Disappointed and disgusted how the management handled the complaint of a patron being assaulted.
Bryan Adams and vegan options. If you like the neighborhood and you want cheap breakfast, duh.
My favorite Chinese restaurant in this area. Good food, good environment, good service, good price.
Client bought me a chocolate chip cookie and it's the 1st time ive had it here....very good
Lots of vegan treats! There's a vegan pantry inside that has a crazy assortment of vegan goodies!
The best hardware store around!  Very knowledgeable sales people, and very well stocked.
Pretty good, but I've had better steak for the price.  Very expensive.  Decent service.
Definitely will recommend, great food, great location! This is better than Lindo Michoacan!
Really expensive. Staff not restaurant trained. like a take out style Super low key
The Hero Burger is just...amazing. Pure tasty comfort food and hooked on this.
I love this office and especially Dr. Lupfer. She is so pleasant & explains things very well..
I come here free work to get the Spicy Ahi Tuna salad. It's always fresh and delicious!
Trek here was grueling. Dinner did not satisfy my taste buds. Prices were high.   ME NO LIKEY.
Terrible fairways and kind of a boring course.
Friendly and accommodating staff. Avoid Aristotle & McGregor's, and come here instead!
Very good Platter for 4. Serves 5-6! Friendly service. We'll be back.
Great service, hot food and excellent prices. involtini d pollo with stuffed pepper is fantastico..
This is nothing but fast food that tastes like cardboard. Very salty and my chicken was burnt.
Service was bad , food was worse. Another restaurant living off a big name is all this is.
I had a suit tailored here and the job was done perfectly. Thank You both for the professional job.
Great hotel, beautiful place to stay, the decor and artwork make this place one of a kind
Thank you Bouchon for the yummy macaron! My favorite place for a little midday sweet snack!
Great service at this new salon. Had a great pedicure and some waxing. I recommend them highly.
Fastest I have ever seen! I have earned my business! Keep up the good work.
just like shit, worst service, surcharge and force to tip, cash only, everything shitting
I love this place! Best Greek food in Las Vegas...even better than Greek food I use to get In NYC!
GUMBO dish ,,,, fantastic!!!! would go back everyday to eat it Highly recommend this place
Wings are great. Awesome place to go and catch up with friends.
Great services love there apps. The friendliest staff ever. Can't wait tell it's another date night.
Awesome! Great Pho soup I love it. Also great atmosphere, and staff.
The guys doin what they do best!
The people who work at this smoke shop are very friendly always a smile.
Friendly bartenders.  The food is good and plentiful.  Try the PB&J shot you will thank me.
We got tacos here and they were legit...street tacos meat and pico...tacos adobada are very tasty.
I really enjoyed the food & vibe at nacho daddy's. Food was good Loren ,Angie & staff are top notch!
Great place great people I've been living in Whitney Ranch for 8 years and it's been great
Great food and atmosphere. Helpful and attentive staff. Reasonable price, glad we stopped in.
Con man! Run the other way!
This Starbucks is super friendly in the morning, but the afternoon lot is kind of the worst
Adjusted the size of my sterling silver bracelet like pros! Very appreciative as it was sentimental.
Salads and chicken were very fresh. Great sit down service as well.  I will try the rice next time.
Service was great and the kitchen was fast.  Check out the draft list for local brews.
Don't venture past the cheap draft  beer.   Even the  fried food left something to be desired.
Good grilled cheese. good happy hour they add candy so the kids love it.
A little pricey. Organized in a weird way. Probably won't return here.
They are now out of business.
Best sausage Ive ever had (lamb) and a great selection of beers.
They never run on time, there usually are no available seats, and no late night trains! FAIL
YUM YUM AND YUM! Great service. Great wine. Great food. Don't let the strip mall fool you!
Delicious all around. Appetizer platter giant. Reasonably priced.
Needs more cigarette filtration and space to sit.
I was unable to set up service, but have received a voice mail and text correspondence.
Such friendly folks!  Helpful, knowledgable and the special events are a blast!
The whole time in the store (20 min.) no employee greeted me or asked if needed help.
There must be a hundred better Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas at half the menu prices.
Awesome place, I've been to Russ both times I've been, definitely will continue to go back.
Delicious.. Nice portions. Great view. Lovely server! Will return soon!
spinatos  got a great food  nice staff.this neighbor need  this kind a food like this!
Like the drinks, but why so pricey??? I would visit more id they would lower the prices.
Nice! Tastes great, awesome price Got the Peri Peri Grilled Chicken
Very quick response time. Came promptly, fixed the problem, reasonably priced. Will use again.
They are CLOSED!!
Good authentic Mexican food with a fun atmosphere. great service from our server Tillana too !
Hilarious, great time!  Great cast & great show!  Reasonable ticket price for a fun, great evening.
Yum!  I'd like to try the doughnut sandwich next time!!
Its the worst restaurant in Vegas. Terrible  price terrible food!! I wont go there again....
I love ice cream and this place is at the top on my list Fave flavor so far is cappuccino chip
Great service! Really impressed with the hard work.
Our go to Vet! She is compassionate, caring, and worth driving all the way across town for
Meh, They used to be better when they first opened.  I don't know why its always crowded though.
Love this place. Good food. Great service. The manager was charming. Will come back for sure.
Best Mexican food in Montreal for sure!  Real deal! Loved the little market inside :)
I'd eat here more frequently if my waistline would allow it! Favorite pizza in the area!
Good customer service. The food is a little salty. Nothing that makes me want to come back.
Great experience! Fast, and inexpensive! Same day service and my phone is as good as new!
Just had the Flyin Hawiian with chicken. It was amazing!
AWESOME SERVICE. I'd recommend them to anyone. Aaron is super enthusiastic about his business.
Nice receptionist.....cool dentist...recommend this place to everyone....very nice location
Was very hard to get a hold of an schedule. Texts and calls not returned. Finally gave up.
First time trying Pei Wei, the taste is so heavy. I drink a lot water!
Great customer service and tacos with micheladas and margaritas. New owners are friendly. Great job!
Best tacos in Las Vegas! Best drunk food period.
All i have to say is.........  DRIVE THRU!!!!  Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas. Ok bye.
Yum! yum! yum! Loved it! Food, service, ambience every thing is awesome here please try this place.
Great tat done by Mr. Neech!!!!!!!   Highly recommend   Shop is neat and professional
Awesome . I had upper teeth removed an a full set of dentures .  these guys are the best .
Really cool little casual place to eat with great food!
Awesome southern diner with cheap, quintessential North Carolina eats!
Avec une  quipe sympathique, toujours agr able de faire une pause et boire un bon caf .
Defines Madison's A-bar quick eats.  Unique food that tastes good for a cheap price!
My favourite Sub shop in Toronto. Great staff. Great, fresh subs. Never disappointed.
Excellent burger...  Great restaurant.  Service was fast.  Prices average.  I'll be back.
Cute little place! My eggs with chorizo were amazing and defitnely fulfilled my prego cravings....
Fine Hilton. Updated interior, good staff. Nothing special otherwise except a reasonable rate.
Love the staff especially Theresa! Always there when you need them for any haircare needs.
Awesome late night place if you're craving korean bbq at 11 pm!
Returned for a 2nd visit. I had the wings and a steak calzone. Everything was very good.
I thoroughly enjoyed the show. This was a great way to end a vacation trip.
Huge portions, great waiter, excellent food!  Off the wall combinations that taste great!
Food was good. Server wouldn't let us redeem the yelp offer of free chips and salsa. Won't be back.
Fantastic service and food the pizza is some of the best in town and the atmosphere is above par.
clean nice staff and helpful as well close too food and the freeway
Really friendly people and a nice clean atmosphere. Massaging dental chairs are a bonus too!
I really enjoy this location. Tons of variety and fun and friendly environment.
Accueil amicale, le service excellent, les plats sont d licieux et les portions sont raisonnables.
Fishy-tasting, mushy sushi (nigiri). Overpriced sake. Will not be back.
Food good. A little pricey, but good quality food and beer.
This location is CLOSED! :( I just drove 20 minutes to get here... Wah wahhh
Grade D level meat at best. Party of 6 all felt ill. Never going back. Ever.
Friendly and fast service. Food was good overall. Corned beef is better than their fish and chips.
Love this place. This is a must when in mint hill. Huge slices with huge flavor. Friendly staff.
Friendly staff, good gyros, one of my tried and true Lorain stops.
The Wild Boar entree was a winner. Service was great and waiter was very attentive.
Typical JIB. Food is always hot and served fast and friendly.
Panera is always great ! Delicious Pastrys and Bagels and a nice place to breakfast in this Area
Better come on an empty stomach.. the food will make you not be able to control your portions.
Great jerk chicken and great oxtail. Would return and get the same thing.
The Roaring Fork is still very good but it was much much better when Robert McGrath was there
One of the best shops on the west side. Go check out my boy Nodari you won't be disappointed!
One of my favorite hometown spots. We always make a point to stop in for lunch when we are visiting!
Jailbreak is the most detailed, interesting, and challenging Escape the Room I've ever done. Bravo.
Average Food and utterly hideous service.  I would not go back.  'nuff said
$3 Quick Wash which includes the use of the self-serve heavy duty vacuum.  Yes please!
Good food Very convenient. Best day to be there Saturday.  Little to greasy tho.  Recommended
Best tacos in all of Vegas! And the carne asada french fries are to die for, easily serves 3 people.
Typical Chinese restaurant.  Stuff in brown sauce, light brown sauce, orange sauce, red sauce... ugh
Hands down..best west of the mississippi. Cannot wait to go back. You won't be disappointed.
Great ambiance and fun bar. We have had several outings there and its always fun.
Ordered a quick Pita Gryo and it was really yummy..couldn't resist ordering another one...
Good is out of this world!!!! The only thing somewhat disappointing was the service.
Fantastic service and even better food!!! Will definitely continue to come here regulatly
Best crust hands down! I love HH. Great deals and friendly staff!
I got a half a cup of cold venti coffee today How disappointing  And it took forever at 530!
Culinary Dropout NEVER disappoints. We'll definitely be back again...and again. So good.
the burgers here taste like a big meatball smashed into a burger patty. its so good. unbelieveable.
Best cheesecake (we love the fresh blueberries or fresh mixed berries) and tres leche cakes in town!
My favorite place to get pizza! The XL is gigantic!
I love their piggy dip. Their salads are great and the Baugette is to die for
Loved the mocha drink but the latte my fianc  had was mediocre.
Iv been eating here since the soft open I was excited for a new Chinese restaurant near by
best restaurant in mtl!!
I ordered Caesar Salad, Vegetarian Panini, pannacote and cappuccino. It was wonderful!
Pretty tasty and better deals, the more you buy. Catch them when they are hot.
It was the pig ears on the salad that totally grossed me out... yuck.
Great good, awesome taste, and the staff where really friendly.. 200% im coming back love it.
Nice place great Christmas decorations and right across from all-time favorite Mexican restaurant!
Good food but a little pricey. Staff was very good and saw to all our needs with a cheerful smile.
One of rhe best steak hubs ..... lovely staff and excellent food in quality and varaiety .....
Dim sum is awesome here. Can't go wrong with your order but is a little expensive.
I LOVE THE RED VELVET WAFFLE! It's so dang good! And I always get the fried chicken with it!
Awesome service thank you Michelle , awesome food, make sure to get the Oreo creme brulee Shake.
fun place--l wish they served lunch when the weather is cool--great fries
Sweet baby Joseph, that is what I call Pho...  Coming back for sure.
Not too shabby for a sandwich spot. Fresh ingredients and good service earn a decent score.
she does great work, I have had sooo many compliments on my lashes.
Amazing atmosphere! Food is unreal! Duck fat fries are out of this world. A must try!!!
Great pizza  great service  Lots of toppings  Gluten free  Wood fire oven
By far the best pizza I have ever ate. Service was great as well.
Recently this shop changed owners. Cupcakes were dry. So sad to see quality has changed.
This is an awesome college hang out.  I love coming here and the beer always tastes better
Natalie is the best!!! She is always so nice and happy. FedEx would not be the same without her
Been coming here for 5 years for brunch. Good mimosa's and a nice breakfast/brunch selection.
Favorite stop after eating at one of the restaurants nearby. Love the Affogato myself.
Had amazing time, staff was fun and courteous.  Can't wait to go back again.  So much fun!
Best Mediterranean food in madison.  My next favorites are Banzo and Bunky's.
Had high expectations about this place but food was not cooked to order. The meat was too dry.
I love them! Every time I go in there I get excellent service! Make sure you bring your coupon!
Best Happy Hour and service..one of my fave restaurants in Az, solely based on customer service!!
Love their drinks here was sad to see the sea foam teas leave the menu but it's very good
Mike is the 'Yoda' of paintless dent repair! Absolutely Incredible...Thank you brother!
Delicious for brunch or dinner. Love the "gnocci" and the braised pork belly. Worth the $$$
Hilarious, sexy, and Jell-O shots! Very cute production, the host had us laughing the entire time.
The service tonight great.
Best coffee in NE Ohio! I have loved every coffee I've bought here. Worth the drive and money!
Two words......KAKA! Don't get me wrong, it is a beautiful set. Just boring YAWNZZZZZZZZ
Buy far the best detail shop in Arizona.  Enough said.
Very elegant and trendy ! Loves the foie gras br l e and the scallops .  Very sexy date spot !
Wonderful place. I've never seen a place like that in Las Vegas. Cappuccino is great.
When you walk in - especially mornings - you will hear angels all singing in harmony.
Just had the best burgers and wings and the family was completely friendly and really care!
Over charged me for a simple kids manicure and rushed us out because they were closing.
Friendly reps :)  We had a return and they made an exception because we bought the tent.
Super bon, juste un peu trop cher, on pourrait avoir du riz en plus.Serveur tr s sympa !
Great place great value......effortless exercise for the lil ones must stop by for the experience
Got my hair cut my Toby! What a relaxing and satisfying experience. I will be coming back!
Reasonable prices great selection friendly staff probably my favorite grocery store !!
not  very pleased 2nd time around won't return.
Fire food, good service , the salsa is incredibly fire with a good kick highly recommended!
Kevin and his crew are top notch. I highly recommend.
Best Thai place I've been to.. Ever! Love love love the food. Come here almost every week.
Place is great! Service was outstanding! Bakery items we tried were great.
Rental clubs are nice, service I'd great, TPC LV is a great experience.
Service is very slow.  Took over 15 minutes before our server ever came out
I had a great time at the bar 2 nights ago. Jenna was our server and was great. thank you!
Of course I love the work done by Sunrise... We take pride in making sure clients stay happy...
Cool luchadores decorations, ambiance. Got the street tacos and they were pretty good!
Excellent! Great food and highly attentive capable staff. Looking forward to trying the brunch.
Service at Freeway Chevrolet is easy, breezy.  Their customer focus is excellent all around!
Just okay. Overpriced In my opinion. Won't come back again. The signature bubble tea was okay
Asked for an iced coffee and literally gave me just cream and vanilla. Horrible donut selection too!
Free samples  Cheap gas  Food in bulk  Who doesn't love Costco?!
Nice clean store, Has some organic food. Always fresh.
Wonderful, authentic pizza!  We like it more than Libretto.
Great NewYork Style pizza that you have to fold over with the grease dripping. Good lunch prices!
It was good. I've had better, but it was close  and convenient at the time. Worth a try
Knowledgeable staff. No pressure for this or that. Great bed, very strong. A bit pricey.
They make mailbox keys!!!  And quick!!!
It's great to have some real KC BBQ in the Madison area. They also sell bottles of their sauces.
I love to go there and have the bagels and locks. Just like in Montreal! excellent.
Great pizza, HORRIBLE SERVICE and mean and cranky staff. They swear at their customers.
Waited 40 minutes for my appointment. So unorganized. They don't know what's going on. Frustrated.
What else can I say, it's wings. Love the flavours.
Easy atmosphere, really yummy food!  Try the chips (round sliced french fries)!
Reminded me of Kroger grocery store back home. They had just about everything I usually pick up.
Great food and service! Highly recommend if you are looking for a place that stays open late
Best Fish And Chips in Brampton!! Great portions of Fish, French Fries are to die for!!
Nice change from all the fast food junk places!
Great service and Nick was very friendly and caring. Must visit and enjoy a classic barber shop
Small TVs. Big wings. Turned off heat during Super Bowl.
Good shopping, eating and people watching
Great store. They have everything you'll need for triathlon needs.
Very friendly service. Would definitely use it again. Great alternative to sending flowers!!
Amazing place! Best music and outdoor space! Awesome bartenders! Go for sure!
I don't frequent coffee shops much but this one's not bad.. Place could use some cleaning up though.
Great happy hour food menu! Fills up quickly!
In-expensive and always good. Animal style! Well done fries!
Small platters. I tried Shawerma isn't delicious. That doesn't represent Mediterranean food.
This place is going down. I don't recommend this place to anyone! The owners are idiots!
Good location, good value for money, good service, good cuisine, okay coffee, and good ambiance.
Wow! What a great surprise. Excellent, very creative quick meals. Fresh Ahi Tacos were great.
We have been really happy here. Front staff is always kind and helpful. Love our Vet.
Easy access. Good snacks. Good cold keiths on tap ...
I can't believe how poorly written my review was, I must have been high on painkillers
just opened. Great fresh juices plus their smoothies are awesome.
This probably the worse lounge I have ever been to. Security was crazy and rude. Drinks were weak.
Terrible food and service. Every dish was disgusting and the staff ignored us continuously.
The baked goat cheese appetizer and pork chile verde were wonderful.  The atmosphere is also nice.
Nice older place. Good food! The service was very friendly. Very clean.
Amazing staff, I feel like family each time I go here! The food is fantastic as well.
dumpsters need lids and water is always off, pretty annoying actually.
Excellent customer service from beginning to the end!!!  Great prices and awesome people.
Awesome place.  Great burgers and great milkshakes.  Love the atmosphere.  Excellent service.
Absolutely loved the quality of the food and service! Music and atmosphere is amazing!
The corn, fajitas, nachos fiesta and naked wings are amazing   Services was great as well
We went for the lunch special and it was delicious food at a great value. Amazing service as well!
Good service and good icecream!
It was very dark! I couldn't see what I was eating. I almost tripped on the way out.
The green curry is the best. Will definitely come again.
The staff at this facility are all great to deal with.  Very helpful and super friendly.
Awesome food! Drinks a lil 2 sweet that it overpowers the liquior ...
This place is so good...really good bbq. Green beans are to die for.  Friendly staff nice and clean.
Pretty good margs and chips, but nothing to write home about.
Very good food .And chef Very nice.  Thanks for food. And this restaurant like home when Ian going .
Check out the garlic Parmesan chicken wings. The single slice and beer combo is the best value.
Great owners/staff, great selection and great prices! My favorite place to goto in safford!
Great people - love my stylist Loretta - very conscientious and great attention to detail
Had drinks with friends ..and love the pizza here!!!!its feels more like a launch place then dinner.
This place is average, bakeries are ok...  What's nice about all the cafe are the free wifi.
The ladies here are incredible! Efficient and knowledgeable staff with prompt delightful service!
Awesome Sesame Tofu, Drab place, terrible service!!! Not going back!!!
Simple: Best, bombest, hands down los mejores mariscos in town!! Preparadas are just as good too
Always stoked with the wash David gives my 300 srt8 and his prices are super fare. Check him out!
Never an unhappy experience.  Kids are treated well, seats are comfy, fares are reasonable.
The best gun store in Vegas. Chris is the most knowledge and helpful!
The service was "eh" and the food was "meh." Not planning on returning any time soon.
Long line, crazy people and too pack  *OK recommended
Don't let the 2 1/2 stars fool you! Very good Italian food at reasonable (for Vegas) prices.
Oh. My. God. This is one of the best burritos or "burro" I've had in a looooonnng time.
i come to your restaurnat and was nice feeling,
Is there a zero star option!? Horrible, slow customer service! Dont go there if you have a choice!
Quick, clean, friendly staff. For a quick bite or a sip of tequila be4 a flight, hits the spot.
Really really really good spa! Prices , service, design and quality brand new machines
nice place. clean. great workers. but very expensive. most items more expensive than whole foods.
Nice atmosphere.  They have a unique range of coffee drinks
Wonderful !  I had a totally painless root canal !
The service at the Happy Hour at the bar was wonderful. Kudos to the barmaids.  F
Fast service and friendly. Cash only though. The repair looks flawless as if I just got it
Love the Port Chop there. 3rd time visit already.
Who in hell puts breakfast sausage on a pizza . . YUK    It's Papa's John  !
This place was AWESOME!! Great ambiance and food was delicious!! I'll definitely be back soon!
The pho here is pretty average. Good service with reasonable prices. Not the best place but will do.
A true delight with a short and thoughtful menu filled with well prepared grub.
Love this place! Great service, amazing color choices and very clean.
Ramen was pretty good, staff was quick and friendly, and processed were very good.. highly recommend
Brunch and lunch items are delicious, too complicated to make at home, and under $11.
Awesome Company very friendly have Granada Pest Control since 3 years now. I highly recommend them.
Got my nails done here. It was just alright. The gel nails peels off after a few days.
Great lunch! Different selections daily, fresh! Only thing is, only a little bar area for seating
My standard poodle always looks so handsome when I pick him up from Puppy Love.. great job..!!!
Very fast and friendly service.  Kelly and Amanda in the bar area are the best.
Excellent service, Tammy does an excellent job! Very detailed, I am now a regular for my manicures.
I love the salmon salad!  The food is good and we've had a good experience with the staff.
I love the variety and value this place offers.  And the food is pretty dang good too.
Best honey toast. Period.  I would recommend to anyone. You should go here. It's in Vegas.
They'll charge you an arm and a leg but the steak i got was delicious and well executed.
Fantastic pizza. And Stephanie at the togo window is the best! Amazing service and really friendly!
Good food, great service. Better than average bloody Mary's.
Uhm. I hate it when I have a limited time for my lunch break and they get my food wrong....GRRR.
This was a pretty bad experience. I waited over 20 minutes for a blue moon. It's not very busy.
Very rude tsa female agent. The airport is fine..she could use a course in customer relations.
This is our favorite sushi place. We go here every Monday. Love the service and fresh foods.
Great food, great service I think this place has some of the best Italian food in town.
The tacos were wonderful.  Great spicy salsa.   A nice find a little off the beaten path .
Tasteless food and expensive. Chicken tandoori and falafel were ok. Would not recommend.
Beer: delirium tremens...higher in alcohol content and pretty tasty
Yo, the quesedilla is clutch for late and night and this dudes are fast.
a bit pricey but oh so good and beautiful too.
Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had! Service isn't great, but overall amazing food.
Super chill coffee spot. I recommend the churro latte. The espresso is also nice but very strong.
The food was great. The customer service was good as well. I will deft eat here again!
Kim is the best bartender ask for her she makes the best long island in Vegas!
Good food and bartenders made sure we can listen to game place looks great keep up the good work
I can't claim to "know Pho", but i love the food here...
Great food, great prices, big tasty burritos, and a really nice owner. I'll definitely be back!
My husband and my son go to Dr Daley. He is an excellent, honest dentist! Very professional.
Great delivery service.  Always courteous, always prompt.  I highly recommend them.
Very Good Great Service!"!" Enjoyed food very entertaining!
The food is getting worse each time I go to this restaurant.  What happens to their great chief?
This place is awesome. Food was tasty and services was awesome especially MAX. Great experience.
Very tasty food somewhat different .That why I enjoy it The waiters are very nice and helpful
Dr. Pratt and the staff are very helpful and friendly, and take great care of patients.
Terrible bank like atmosphere.   Best burger in town.
My daughter started going to MadTown for summer camp.  She loves it....especially Silly Steve!  :)
EZ and fast but broken button on basic wash so forced  to upgrade and wash cash only no ATM
At least it's not Vocelli's.  That's about all this place has going for it.
I love this place the staff is really great and you honestly get a "Pampered Experience!"
I love that they have a sign posted about allergies and there are no nuts available for toppings.
love love loveeee this DSW!! always great deals and the cutest shoes and friendly staff
Unbelievable service, food is absolutely delicious a must try!! Will def be coming back.
the chips and salsa were bad ass and I don't even eat carbs
Great new attraction here in Scottsdale, the 3D movie is great.  The atrium is amazing!!!
not the best prices and took quit some time to come out and get an est for my broken window.
Exceptional food with fast service Halal. Good for family But wish for a better location
Best all you can eat sushi ever!!! Try the Japanese Lasagna & The Philly Crunch Roll.
Hair cuts with Tommy and massages with Brent are the best!!
Fun, well priced, and tasty. Solid eastern fare.
Tried flour tacos and a burrito with carne asada, super tasty!
UPDATE I've been 3 more times.  It's still absolutely amazing.
Food here is ok not 4-5 star quality.
Bowlology definitely has the best acai in Vegas. I love the makai bowl because it's really thick.
One of the best in the area. We have had a few parties there and the food and staff were amazing.
Showed up at 8:30pm and was turned away, supposedly they ran out of nitrogen. Disappointing.
Authentic  Italiano. Romulo the Chef was awesome and very engaging. Servers were great.
Great Happy Hour and Excellent food. Very nice ambience for a date or to go out with people.
Loved my cut and color from Jennifer at Top Notch. Highly recommend.
Good food. Lots of beer on tap and very tasty cocktails. Prices are middle of the road.
I just left Shark's. The shrimp and fish was delicious . But the fries was dry.
Great food, but service was just "okay."  None of the servers smile or seem too friendly.
Bland food although great service. Expensive for what it is. Tourist trap. I won't be back.
So sad to say Floyd's is now out of business.   I'm really going to miss them.
this place has never let me down...delivery is quick and simply delish!!
Best ramen i have tried. Very nice customer service. Place which you probably will not wanna leave.
5 out of 5 taqueria. Service was quick and all the tacos (yes we tried them all) were excellent.
Awesome food!  Got to try it.  Crust and sauce are amazing.  Try the Italian sandwich!
This place is always on point.  Donald was so very helpful, knowledgeable, and quick! Thanks again!
place was ok, staff was great but food was just ok, like a fastfood kinda experience.
Worth it, so much food and so little time.  Our favorite was the buffet at Paris.  Oink oink. :)
Handled a big group with 2 families quickly and great breakfasts cooked perfectly to order!
The food is yummy but to greasy  the service is excellent and the restaurant is beautiful!!
This place was better when Corbin was there.
St Francis is a good restaurant. The Santa Rosa is the perfect summer cocktail in Phoenix.
Really good pizza with nice crust. Interesting specialty pizzas. Fast delivery. Online ordering.
Pretty decent selection.  Better prices than Whole Foods.
The buttermilk pie and the almond bars are my favorite!!  Great bakery!
The best Cirque show I have seen so far. The actors are amazing!
My boyfriend and I wanted authentic Mexican food and we found exactly what we wanted at Don Jose!!
Amazing food and flavor! All the dishes we tried were obviously made with love. We'll be back.
I wrote a review about my experience and food in Thai Rama. It was yummy.   http://itsmesteph.com
Large store. Organized and  clean! Not too many shoes, but found some great items :)
Really tasty food, and fresh. Clean restaurant and friendly staff. I would recommend this place.
Just got my Honda CRV washed and the Guys there did a great job. will B back, Thanks again
Was not sure at first, but everything was good. Especially the chicken wings with fish sauce.
Small. Place amazing food good prices. Verry filling! 5 tacos rolls where good.  Salas was nice
An awesome hidden gem in Streetsboro with great food at great prices. Definitely check this out.
It's a great place to dine. Lovely ambience and awesome food. I would surely recommend this place.
Pay the extra money and go to the Target on 44th St...trust me.
This store is filled with great clothing brands and Chan Luu jewelry!
Love this place, great food, drinks, prices and atmosphere.  Will be coming back.
Loved this location, but it has inexplicably closed.  It was always hoppin' when I went.  Too bad ;(
Mmm...gotta love their cookies and a decent medium blend coffee
Indifferent about this and all the other LCBOs. Gets the job done.
First timer! Decently priced ayce Korean BBQ. Plenty of variety for meats and side dishes
excellent service and food!!  server was great.  food was phenomenal!
One of my favorite places for munchies. The roll tacos with asada on top is what I recommend. Enjoy
Mint chip Blizzard please and thank you. Maybe I should try something new? Nah.
I liked it, was real chill and I played checkers but they said they ran out of Matcha. How?:(
Never been impressed. The service is hit or miss, and better food can be found elsewhere.
Great food and agua frescas! Love the chicken burrito- comes with avocado no extra charge!
Best chocolate chunk and walnut cookie I've ever had! Love this place!
The do not take coupons they say its not cost-effective plus I saw bug on the floor
Before you walk through the door, read the notes from the latest health inspection report!
Phenomenal in every way. The smoked chicken and corn bread pudding are the subjects of dreams.
Great place to get a pizza! Simple and good. I'm a huge pizza fan and this spot was legit good.
The place was spotless and the food was really fresh and flavorful. Enjoyed my visit will be back
Excellent royal pedicure.   Friendly staff.   It was heavenly and I highly recommend.
Proportions are monster and the food is delicious..service was very good..a must do spot in Vegas...
Update: I tried again. Much better. And I'm so happy as this is an important establishment in Tempe!
The only Thai restaurant that is authentic in Cleveland.  tad expensive but worth it
great restaurant! good service and one of the best steak I ever have!!!
I love coming here for brunch. Great service and food. A very enjoyable experience for all.
Nice place, cool laid back atmosphere but if you have a appetite, don't expect to fill up here.
All the reviews about Tony are on point! He is amazing!! He put just the right amount of pressure.
Took my niece to get a pedi and nail color change.  They did a great job. Check out pic.
Show grow dispensary offers 17 half gram shatter  this location will not  pricematch so  fuck'em
Fantastic, fresh food. The best egg foo yung I've ever had. Very reasonable prices.
My new favorite place!  The quinoa burger is out of this world!! Great hummus as well!!!
The place is the bomb!!!! Had everything on the menu several times and never had bad experience.
I know how hard it is to be a patient.  And they give you true Physical Therapy Results!
The service was so slow.  Starbucks needs more qualified baristas here.  The wait was way to long.
Beautiful Place with amazing food and drinks! Great for for date or just break from craziness!
Veggie burger of awesomeness!    Amazing customer service, clean place, terrific food!
Positives--Great service and appetizers. Negatives--Very loud and mediocre veal parmigiana.
Went in here for an Americano. They were playing the new Frank Ocean, nuff said. Great coffee shop.
Love this place. Great service and good work. A great small business. Hooray for small businesses!!
Good subs, quiet and very clean, service was fast and all the employees seem nice and courteous
Nothing hipper than a floating dried red chili coasting in my drink
Love Lu! Meticulous and patient! Great nail salon, friendly people, never rushed.  Five stars!!!!!!!
ehh its cute, but it was deaddddddddd...and the bunnies r not even cute haha
Best place to buy new and and used media. It's an experience. Not much else to say. Just go already!
My new favorite at the MV Grill is the Turkey Burger...best in town!!!!
Great place. Fast serving, yummy food. Good atmosphere. Good value.
Absolutely amazing. The best shrimp and crawfish I have ever had. Watch out for the extra spicy.
Corned beef Ruben was amazing! Wait time, staff, cleanliness, and location were all great.
Yum candied bacon! Great service. Emeril does it again!
Fantastic food at a rock-bottom price.  And the plates are HUGE!  You will not be disappointed!
Always have great service here. So far the best Petco out of anywhere in the Valley!
Best place ever. Britt you Rock. This sushi place has the best fresh quality fish. Amazingggggggg
Super small seat, but decent prices ?? To my experience it's like flying on city bus.
I get steak salads about twice a week. Julie has an awesome personality and she makes great salads.
Best seafood in the city. Large portions means good value too! Parking at the back.
Better than the big guys!!!Pump it in my viens
Great pizza! Like that they slice specials. The honey hot wings are awesome!
We eat at ET on Mondays for pizza night and Wednesday's for wings the food is one of the best around
The food it's fresh and well prepared, the staff is friendly and informed on the menu
I loved the sushi and drink were pretty good. Nice clean place with a nice update interior.
Great meal.  Traditional Italian well done!
Not much to add, just that it's great.  Fresh, unique, great service.
Everything was great - wings, beer, grilled cheese, chicken sandwich and homemade chips!
Went in just to look around!! Lots of nice and expensive stuff in there!!!
Mediocre service and worse food. Been here several time and the quality decreases with each visit
Solid Shoppers, good selection, usually has slow check out.
The Oaxaca with tofu is my favorite - delicious and filling! I just wish it was a little cheaper...
32 ounces of coffee for $1.18.  Is it worth the walk here from MGM Grand?  Yes, yes it is.
Totally creeped out by the guy at the check in desk. Complete scumbag. Will not be coming back.
Love coming here and getting the Shit they have amazing service which makes it even better
This place is kinda pricey for a sandwich but I give them 5 stars because the food is yummy!!
Good service, clean eating environment, delicious burgers. Garlic flavored fries are yummy.
Great Service!  Ken has the best salons in town.  I look forward to returning to his salon soon.
Great veggie burrito but slightly too large for me. Wonderful fish tacos. Good margaritas.
love their sugarcane juice and King Kong pandan! def will come back! :)) great job bomboba.
My newest go to hole in the wall boba spot!  Great flavors and selection and friendly staff!
Really like it and will be back.  Top notch service.  High end setting.  Very good food.
Love this place! employees are so helpful and the store is clean and organized.
now called bentleys and is my favorite pizza in town!!!! Love it
Not bad for fast food.
Flora, owner is a brilliant hair stylist.  She makes me feel gorgeous every time I come!!!
Average breakfast fare...had pancakes, eggs, hash browns, and ham. Nothing special...
Best Pizza in Vegas!!!  Can't wait to go back!!!  Please open a spot in LA it's much needed
Just started the classes and love it.  Location is great, personnel are wonderful and very helpful.
Awesome service for general cleaning. Always on time. Very friendly. Open on weekends.
they keep removing negative reviews!  trust me run faaaast from this place!
Best pizza I've had in a long time! We will def be back!!
Great customer service by the two young guys working. Great sandwiches!
Nice little local cafe with lots of food and beverage options to choose from! Highly recommend!!
What, best tacos I've had outside of San Diego, incredible flavor, and it only cost 9$
Super friendly. Avocado sando and what the Waff were delicious.
Great food, big portions, fast delivery. When i think Chinese food I think MA MA Wok
Best burgers in Las Vegas that I've found...excellent service as well.  Not cheap but worth it.
Work girls happy hour.  Very reasonable prices.  Good food.  We will be back for sure.
Great variety of shops, bars, and restaurants.
Be relaxing mani and pedi with my husband. Very enjoyable yet a small older nail salon.
Very good food, but a little expensive.  Service was fantastic. I'll definitely be back.
Fast, friendly and delicious. My favorite? Large supreme with extra jalepenos.
really good food and friendly staff. not to mention cheap prices. no complaints at all.
I went in because of vertigo and received quick, friendly and competent service.
A-maz-ing Southern Cooking.   Fantastic variety. Every day feels like Sunday dinner here.
This place is gross! AND the delivery service takes way to long. Dont WASTE YOUR TIME
Amazing! Best burger in town! Parm fries are excellent, and burgers big n juicy. Go here!
Like Mexican comfort food!  Did not expect such awesome Mexican half a block from Fremont street!
Seriously average, middle of the road pizza. Don't go out of your way.
Great food, inclusive vibes, wild at night and tame in daytime. The DJs are wonderful as well!
I'm hooked, wife is hooked, kids as well.  Perfect way to end the week with an awesome treat.
They have a big menu .. Lots of yummy diff burgers
I love this little place, i hope the family who owns and operates it will prosper for a long time
They never have Strawberry Frosted Doughnuts everytime I go. And that's the reason why I go!
Check in was easy and the wait was not long.  Would not hesitate to recommend or go back!
Absolutely amazing acrobatics and martial arts. This is a must see in Vegas. Gave me chills!
I love the food here but the service sometimes is shaky but all in all it's very good
Not the best food or ambience. The restaurant was not clean either. Safe to say won't be going back
Best Ramen in Phoenix.  Good Service, quality ingredients and friendly staff.  Check it out!
Awesome bar great bartender from my hometown works there love to visit this bar when I'm in town
I just heard that Sugar Cafe is going out of business. Sad.
The best cirque du soleil show I've seen to date. Very creative and talented artists!
Great coffee shop we stumbled upon. Great natural light, comfy seating areas and great coffee!
Great service! Great staff! Very clean! Everyone is so friendly and willing to help!!!
I love Mina she is amazing, I will never go to anyone else. I highly recommend to come here!
The chicken tacos are great. And the guacamole is homemade and very good
Great representation of Key West cuisine - makes for quite a lovely brunch with the family.
I got the cheddar mac and it tasted like plain noodles, not enough cheese to see or taste
Dim Sum. Amazing selection and variety. Super friendly staff. Extremely affordable.
Four stars for the greens not cooked with fat back. Yum!
pricey. cheese danish was out of this world! I will be back when in the area.
For a 24 hour place, the food is soooo good. Buttermilk fried chicken...yum.
Great, loved it! Has a good selection of Korean food. Sushi is average though. Great service.
Great food. Pad Thai is  really good here , not greasy!
i did try the cheese one and the green tea one,but i would like green tea more tasty!!!
Fort the $$$, I've had WAAAAAY better. Not worth your money.
Just do a white pizza with a bunch of cured meats and a fried egg and you won't regret it.
Wimpy's Diner chain is based on the original location in Thornhill
I have had better buffet for less money. Crab legs are tasteless. Not worth the long wait.
Very nice rooms. Great breakfast. Staff are wonderful. Surrounding area is great.  Thank you.
My other cirq favorite for sure. Amazing stage and visuals. Martial arts influenced.
Is really a good place to chill.. great dessert!! Love place to hang.. but a bit expensive.
dishonest dispatcher.  lied about having parts and wasted my day.
Top 3 ramen spot in LV...
Very helpful. Found the products I was looking for. Good pricing options. Staff is great.
An endless variety of amazing vegan dishes! Even carnivores love it.
Great service, very clean and I love their honey toast:)...must try when in the neighborhood.
Crispy wings just perfectly salted, nice to pair for a beer.
Really wanted to like this place but the food is not fresh. Everything is frozen and has no flavor.
Neat little market... A little on the pricey side, but a good treat if you're in the area.
Really beautiful nighttime view of the city. Great atmosphere.
Super good sandwiches! We love this place.
Danny Tenaglia calls Stereo ''his home away from home'' - I think that says enough!
Good food, good service, good price.  Not much else you can ask for.  Authentic fast Chinese food.
Go to there happy hour. 3pm-7pm, good selection I recommend the slider combo. Good variety.
Hip atmosphere, hip employees, hip music, hip location, mediocre food at Rockefeller prices.  Meh.
Great upscale restaurant in Denver.  Better than Epic.  Great food, service, and atmosphere.
Best original mexican tacos in Las Vegas - does not get better then El Gordo's!
Greatest coffee. Coffee gets mores stars , cost less bucks. Service is much better as well.
So thankful for Bob and Danny installing my new car battery tonight!! So appreciated!
Very tasty food, their drink machine is unlike anything else you'll find in vegas too
Excellent coffee. Excellent smoothie. Excellent chicken soup. Fresh ingredients. Try it!
Loved everything about it.  great food, great service.  expensive italian, but man it was good.
It wa nice place to eat your dinner. but it was so crowded! kabobs were so good .
This place is a gem. The epitome of high quality, deliciously tasting and affordable food.
Not great, not bad. Let's call it a little better than average.
Simple combination of great food, creative drinks and cozy atmosphere. Will be back a lot.
Authentic Mexican food with friendly service! Their shrimp ceviche left me speechless.
Good, straightforward taqueria. Clean, and nice service. I would definitely return when in the area.
Great food, atmoshere and wine...LOVE St. Francis.
Excellent chicken, empanadas, yucca, and green sauce. Impressive flavors and unique menu.
Had a great meal before the tribe game. BBQ pizza was awesome and they really took care of us!
Awesome fish fry. Great beer selection and prices.  I will be back.  Sports tv everywhere and busy
Prices are a bit high but the flavors are good and the topping selection is awesome!
Never had any problems, staff has always been calm and friendly and no animal has ever died on me.
Huge portions, food not bad, but not good.  Plan on splitting an entree.  Nice ambience though!
Really good and huge portions. Second visit and will make this a regular shop in Vegas.
Best bread in the city. The pig dip is my fav sandwich!
Went here for a second time had the chicken sandwich want bad but I wish they wash the counters
Try the chicken wings when it is available. It's quite tasty. But it is not always on the menu.
I've been using GreenCab for about 2 years, drivers are always friendly and cabs are always clean.
I paid $4.25 for basically a cup of ice... Thanks?
Nice fun evening! $10 or so for admission and fireworks! Can't beat it!
Sandwiches are unreal.   Loaded potato soup was like mashed potatoes. Which is a good thing.
OMG! Amazing BLT Bloody Mary and the Sage Chicken Benedict with a pancake on the side was booyah!!
Wow... super good food. I would say this is the best place to eat on this side of town.
Great food , prices are more then fair. I go when ever i can.
GReat service great management--pizza hey its peter piper mac and cheese is a good addition.
Good food. Good price. Great service. Easy to customize your dish. Try the firecracker!
Delicious menu (for dinner and brunch), great drinks, excellent service. Make a reservation.
tiny little place, don't let the big mirror fool you. but excellent food, non pretentious.
Friendly and their coffee is delicious! I like to grab and go and love that they have parking!
The food was delicious, the service was great and the all day drink specials are phenomenal!
Excellent sandwiches at very fair prices. You can't go wrong with the spicy chicken panini!
I got sick and the lady at the front desk was so rude. I wouldn't go back.
Food is great, awesome music selection, and the servers are always so friendly. 10/10.
Amazing food and wonderful service. We had a great time. Recommend to all!
Shrimp Arepas!!!!Delicious.  Got the usual shredded beef arepas.  Nice clean location.
Great dealership and helped us get the exact car we needed for the right price!
The best. Solid, functional and extremely beautiful  security doors installed perfectly.
Had the taco mac and cheese. Pretty good, but nothing amazing. Good prices and friendly staff
Zach is awesome. I live in Glendale but followed him to the Chandler location. I love the staff.
Never had any issues so far. Order every tues for $.69 cent wings. Open til 2am. Its sweet.
Reasonably priced Illini gear with a friendly staff.  The items seemed to be decent quality too.
Best margarita I have ever had. Happy hour is great. Price is unbelievable
Good Joint.  I like the beer.  Obviously some growing pains but a nice addition to the area.
Great Salon! Very accommodating and excellent service. The quality of work can not be topped!
Casual, sports bar feel.  Friendly service.  Yummy burgers and really great truffle fries!
These are the best chicken and waffles Toronto's got to offer. 'Nuff said. Go check them out!!
Go after 10 and get a double order of brisket if they have any left - awesome BBQ and Whiskey
My favorite boba in town! The Thai tea is the bomb and customer service is phenomenal.
Awesome food!!! Love the decor.  Great place to eat
BEWARE-  They double charged me.  Make sure you check your debit card for overcharges
Best tacos I've ever ate in my whole life. It's a must going here when ever we come to Las Vegas.
I have no idea how the food is. Because this restaurant has closed. Note to all future eaters.
I like it cause the food is really hot yo... 3 stars because the food is pricey..
Good coffee, great cause, friendly staff, casual & relaxed space!
The guys are friendly and do good work at a decent price. I'll be going back.
The food was really good, but get there early. It is super crowded and chaotic on a Sunday morning
Xmas British dinner with my father.  Ab Fab and totally Brill idea!  Game of darts, Dad?
Good food, fine happy hour, shit service. Don't go if you're in a hurry
Great place to take your dog usually kept well and nice part of town love taking the dog there
Great service and selection.  Danielle was terrific ,took the time to help us find what we wanted
Eli was great! Absolutely saved my garage door. I would recommend him and the company!
Not too much to love or hate about this place.  Traditional Mexican fare for the masses.
Coolest guys in the world. Definitely a great place to stop if your in the AA terminal
Excellent breakfast and great oyster selection. Thomas Keller and his staff never disappoint.
Not bad for the price, just wish the breadsticks came out before the pizza, not 10 minutes after .
Exceptional service and great sushi! He staff were super friendly and very welcoming.
Good food but the service is a little shabby.
Love this place. 1 minute from my house. Super friendly staff. Great coffee, bagels & cinnamon buns.
Shit we almost considered getting a 2 bedroom here. Not after the rat stories. Thanks people
Wow great Pizza at a great price. Custom made and Prescott beer as well
The Arepa Benny and Lavendar Latte were really good.
It's all about the candied bacon and luscious desserts.
Very nice and helpful.  If you are balling on a budget then this is the best store to visit.
Very friendly drive thru window worker especially on national donut day and the line being crazy
Wat can I say about Eddie's place. Graet customer service, no loud music, and relaxing
This place has awesome sushi! Highly recommended :)
This is my favorite sushi spot in Vegas. The quality is incredible. Chef Tae is the best!
Worth the hype and wait. Amazing and innovative desserts. We tried Mars, Soliel and Mt Fuji.
The duck sandwich was not bad. Maybe a little over priced.
Their phone service is bad, the pizza is hit or misss. The cannolis though, so good.
Rented some clubs for the week and wasn't disappointed.  Great service, great rates and great clubs.
Good food and great service. Our waitress was awesome. Very surprised it wasn't busy.
You get what you pay for, but I've never gone away unhappy. I like the 3 tacos and chips.
The oysters Pappadeaux were out of this world and the bacon wrapped shrimp was equally as good!
A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! I had the grilled cheese bacon French toast  and raspberry mimosas! To die for!
Love this place! Its a little pricey and the wait is long but I never regret coming here.
delicious pizzas! courteous staff and friendly enviornment
MEAT. ON.  SWORDS.  Everything should be delivered on a sword. I'd eat salad if it came on a sword.
Delicious I love the food here!! It's a little pricey but it's worth it. Good customer service too.
I've been here many times. Authentic, spacious, friendly, good food, open until very late.
Gotta love this place! Has everything I need for fishing hunting and camping. Never dissapointed
Great show. Kind of strange story and many kids however were talking in the audience
Great food and very friendly people.  Always fresh food!   Shakes are really great!!!
Great food and great people- Ern makes the best BBQ- truly spicy and cooked perfect.
Great burrito on the way out of town- the perfect hangover food! Very authentic mexi!
Don't bother--bland food along with casually disinterested service makes this not worth your time.
Small quiet and comfortable! Menu looks great as most coffee joints do but this had "tuxedo mocha".
 20 
Ate there twice.... Atmosphere was bad..... Pizza was gross.... Sorry... Gave it a chance...
Worst pizza I have had in my life! Low end of frozen stuff you'd buy at the supermarket.
Food is always good, as is the service.  BYOB makes it reasonable, as well.
Worst service I have ever seen. Wow, please just save your time and go to the yard house!!!!
Service has gone down hill.  This place used to set the standard. Sad.  The end of an era.
Food was delicious and the atmosphere is beautiful! Wish the booths has a little more space.
Very good grilled pork. Actually I think the best I have ever had! Sandwich is great too
Love this place! Some of the best sushi and Japanese food in Vegas!! Locals favorite!!
Super friendly!! My husband and I signed up for memberships tonight, and can't wait to go back!
Ditto on my review of Rain
For the location the price is not bad at all and room are clean
I come here free work to get the Spicy Ahi Tuna salad. It's always fresh and delicious!
Awesome concept, great service, and their PROTEIN cheesecakes are to die for! Kenny is the best
My son loves getting his haircut here... He looks forward to his lolipop and prize too!
This is an extremely professional organization.  Always on time, courteous and efficient.
This place can't handle small children. Worst customer experience. Better to avoid this place
Fabulous! Great salespeople and the products are amazing! Prices are reasonable. Don't miss out!
Almost too guppy already. but it still does a good job the vibe its trying to bring across.
Loved the veal parmesan and antipasto.  A bit noisy and pricey, but solid italian American food.
i tried chocolate banana  it's enough to try once ;) i coudlnt feel cinnamon powder
Went here for my birthday lunch, the food was amazing. Try the cheese bites they are to die for..
The lakeview poutine will fix any glum mood.
Mack the bartender was awesome...even not feeling100%  made me feel so welcome! Thank you Mack!
Amazing attention to detail and all around likable guy!  I'd recommend Jeff to anyone!
Great area dive. Little crowded sometimes but very fast service. Outdoor seating on picnic tables.
Bartender was really sweet, Bloody Mary was delicious and Frozen Pina Colada was awesome!
Excellent food..so many dishes to try all vegan. I most definitely go back to try more
The best breakfast I've had so far. So fresh,perfect flavors,great energy juice,just perfect!
This has been my to go spot for Vietnamese food. I like the food a lot! Very friendly staff.
Tri tip  is very good  !!!! Hot tortillas!!
I get everything I want from a bakery here. This place is busy and products are good quality.
Honey toast is very delicious. Coffee is also very good. Staff are nice and always smile at you
The best Burgers and home of a Thousand Sodas and beverages ,owner and staff are the best
Fantastic and reliable! would work with Family Movers Express again!
Really good pizza. Kinda like Blaze but better and less expensive. The girls are cute btw.
Best pizza in Rock Hill. Loads of toppings and cheese. Will be regular at this establishment.
Sourdough waffles are delicious!  They should extend their breakfast hours for the sleepy heads =p
Cheap beer, cheap food, and bowling for a quarter. Life doesn't get much better.
Great people very nice.   Love my cut full works and never miss a hair lol!!!!! $$$$$
The salad was near inedible. Not a great place to ear. There are far better options in Vegas.
for the price I think it's a great selection of a variety of dishes, nice atmosphere, decent service
Currently my favorite Vegas hotel to stay and gamble. The right amount of everything.
Best sushi I've had in Charlotte area. The service is hit or miss but never a deal breaker.
My sirloin was delish! The garlic mashed potatoes were tasty with the right amount of flavor
Hell's burger was awesome with nice blend of mushroom patty ,jalape o and avocado. AMAZING Taste
Une cuisine italienne comme ont aiment! Pour les amateurs de p te :) the place to be!
This is where all of the items from other stores go to, when they leave the other stores.
Street tacos were good. Fish taco nice. Nachos made with cheese sauce (boo). Crazy overdone menu.
Carne asada and shrimp tacos are amazing! Tortas are also very good!
Delicious!!! Highly recommend the Lobster Ravioli!!! Soooo good!  And the bread rolls. Wow.
Best burgers in Toronto! Enjoyed every bite! Also are very friendly to families (-:
Food was ok, small amounts of meat mostly rice and half cooked veggies. Horrible service.
Mom brought me here. Great quality food at a good price. Awesome service!!  Recommend!
Delightful, caring staff. Clean, hot food very good experience.  Excellent customer service.
Excellent coffee & service. Lots is open space and free WiFi. Great location if visiting ASU.
Food bland, server a bit disinterested. Won't be going back
Needless to say, it's Dunkin Donuts???? who doesnt love Dunkin Donuts???
Great food and nice service . Workers are very kind and food came out fast .
We used the carwash to clean pool cartridges, and it worked very well.  We expect to be back.
Best in Charlotte. Service is great, fast, and the prices are legit. Couldn't recommend it higher.
They have a lot of cute things and not expensive at all. I got 5pcs car cover just for 8.50$
Bonnie is the best!! Everywhere I go I receive sooo many compliments on my gorgeous lashes!!
Food is awesome here, had the bacon waffle and scrambled eggs with cheese. Hearty portion
I love this place, they have great pasta and several choices! My girl friend and I just love it.
Nice new hip bar on the middle west side! Amazing food fresh and not bar like at all.
Designated gluten-free menu. Very helpful staff.  Very good food and amazing service!
Bernice is awesome. She does great work at a competitive price.
Just doesn't get better than viva mercados. Best service, great ambiance, and amazing food.
Great service most trusted mechanic in vegas. Never had a problem with Dennis and his staff.
Love the food and atmosphere! I will most definitely come back to this place if I'm in Vegas!
Good food and service.  Love the prime rib sandwich.  Moscow Mules are very tasty and refreshing.
This place is very good, had the The Pistachio pizza and my daughter had the margarita pizza
Pharmacy: They only have 1 person staffing this location. Takes more than 30 minutes to fill a Rx.
Nasty people who work here. Wouldn't see my toddler who was bleeding from the head.. no priority.
the food is awesome. love it. the staff is great and I know the owner, toga
It's our first time here. Great food and service! Love the hummus here and the price is reasonable.
Provided service and fitting to get me the right shoes for a new runner.
Some of the best sesame noodles I've had outside of sunset park in brooklyn.
Best breakfast in the valley  - hands down!
Wings, wings, wings!!!  Love their specialty Jess Jess and El Heffe wings, they are outstanding!
Bomb and bomb! Always crazy busy but so nice and the food is excellent!!!  Keep it up!!
you better go hungry this is my favorite place in Vegas usually go every time we are in town
Horrible food and the entire place is extremely overpriced. I would not recommend.  Save your money.
Homemade gnocchi that practically melt in your mouth...YUM!
Great little funky place.  Unique food done very well.  Inexpensive place to chill out open late.
This place is a great escape in the desert. A garden of beauty for butterflies and guests!
Super clean car and quick efficient service. Nothing but compliments for this great car wash.
Love this place. Bowling and drinks how can it get any better. The food is also on point!
Delivered before it was scheduled to! Actually pretty good despite sketchy reviews. Will order again
Get the banana bread beer..super delish
Good pie, our go to in NLV. Quality ingredients, large slices!
Still the only dental facilitie I will go to. And I hate dentists! But this place treats me right.
Big and fancy but bad small portioned and over salted food... drink sat empty for 10 minutes
Love the jerk chicken! Ambiance gets a C-, but the food gets an A!
Local favorite. Wife and I been coming here for years. Breakfast special is my fav!
Great Chicken and Waffles.   Very crowded so eat at the bar.
Very nice calamari. And excellent pasta. Will be back!
Great selection. If you are looking for anything Sony, stop by.
Very good burger cooked perfectly. Fries were also great Homemade  Ketchup was the best.
Great food and attentive staff. Truly a taste of Puerto Rico. I go as often as I can.
Great service. Quality food. Nice ambience. Keep up the Good work
I love this place! Their BBQ chicken is great, but my favorite is the macaroni salad!
This place is awesome. Wonderful ambiance, food is fabulous, and very pleasant servers.
Tons of beers on tap, and an amazing variety of sausages. Definitely going back to try more!
Best Filipino food ever because of their pork bowl combo! Can't wait to have it again
Regular kind of back alley bar, not real fancy. Clean and the pizza and staff are amazing!!!
Very clique orientated clientele. Older in leather works. Otherwise you may not fit in well.
Alexander plumbing has saved me on more than one occasion!!! Professional and excellent service!!
Decent drink list.  Above average pizza.  Great Meatballs.
Great shop. Great environment. Always very nice. Always a great cut. Thank you Uptown!
Great BBQ menu, very reasonable prices and quiet atmosphere.  Will definitely come back !!!
I love this place. Could use a bigger seating area, but it works.  I wish there was more parking.
It was not a bad choice, but as it says, it was A-OK. Recommend to try if you like Asian BBQ.
Delicious. The cauliflower soup is to die for. Great pizza and a great wine selection!
Yu yu is my must go Japanese restaurant when visiting Vegas .Love the food And the atmosphere there.
Friendly service. Above average smoky barbecue. Wonderful sauce. Steak fries.
Nothing spectacular but nothing terrible either.  A good place for a hand car wash.
Pork ramen is amazing!! Sure there's a little msg. But indulge a little. This place is great.
Great Venue and the staff is awesome. Its kind of hidden but the drink special are worth it.
This is a good movie theatre but the popcorn is not a good price and it's not that tasty.
Holy waffle sandwich.  Or something like that.  Place is awesome.  Waffles are light and airy.
It's ok  The breading has a good taste but the chicken is bland. I would eat  Chick-fil-A or Canes
Great very well-organized clinic with excellent physicians.
Went here as part of club crawl, and its here when I got pretty lit. Cool sports bar.
Super delish vegetarian food....experiment and try something new each time!
This place was great,good healthy food,fast drrvice,everything was very clean,l will keep going back
Whoops never been here. Didn't mean to write a review. Need to figure out how to delete!
Turns out Eugene isn't the owner! I maintain that it's a great little spot.
Burgers were mediocre.  Did not taste fresh nor did the fries.  Food is way over priced!
Great Friendly service, prices and advice. Evi knows what she talking about!!
Great fast casual pizza! Great ambiance and employees! Oh and did I mention the cannolis?? Heaven!
This place is terrible Service 0/10 Food 0/10 Air conditioning 0/10 Price 0/10  Just skip this place
Taking longer than expected, but agreed with others on friendly staff.  Hoping it works out.
Authentic sauce, great cheese, & pepperoni is amazing.  Best pizza in the Charlotte area!
A fine Pittsburgh establishment for Italian foods. A bit small but full of good items to eat.
The free peanuts are a plus.   The food is very good most of the time.
superb, food was exceptional. I had buns and scallops, both were truly amazing.
Great convenient place to grab a tea or coffee.   Washrooms are gross though. Not very clean
Slow service, bland and greasy food, and stale decor.
Bon drink . Bouffe sp cialement grasse mais tu vas la pour  a. Service moyen par contre.
Every item is tastful. Try chicken chilli. Manchurian. Shrimp fried rice. Soups. You will love it.
The service was wonderful, everyone was friendly and I received my food almost immediately.
killer menu and bring extra dough... it's pricey
Excellent food. Have not had one thing I didn't like.
So so oriental main stream oriental via mediocre casino cafe environment. Not a fan.
Our favorite Italian restaurant. We go from fountain hills just to go here. We LOVE it!
Good pizza and good food for looking like a whole in the wall. You definitely get your fill of food.
If you want to get your hands dirty this is the spot!  Crab & beer, no frills, but very good.
Food is awesome and the service is great! Really authentic Chinese food. Highly recommend!
Best tacos in Vegas. Do yourself a favor. When the taqueros ask you, " con todo?", say YES!
Mac'n'cheese PIZZA and biodegradable takeout boxes. 'Nuf said.
Slowest service I had in my life gave our food to other tables that never even looked at there menus
Came here for a torch this place is awesome. Clean inside with all your smoking accessories
Not bad place.  Great staff.  Got to enjoy the $10 Groupon coupon for the first class (paid cert)
Tasty rich food with lots of veggie options. Portions a wee bit small though
My newest best place to eat at. Flavors are high in deliciouness and very friendly waiter/ waitress.
Awesome coffee. Great food. Amazing gelato's. And very nice location, friendly service
A typical dive bar. The bar tender was abrupt. The atmosphere was very dingy. Shabby place
The ambiance is good . The place has a good variety of Buffet.
Fav brunch & fav late night. Average prices but amazing food, drinks, and service. And cute decor.
If you are having your kitty's groomed ask for Vince he is great with the cats.  Chichi love him.
Great friendly customer service. No complaints on pests so far. First month using this company!
By far the BEST fro yo place EVER. That is all I have to say.
Are you guys closed for good?  I've called a few times over past few weeks and nobody answers....
Loved our dinner here a couple weeks ago! Great service and wonderful food. Definitely will go back!
Good service, good food, relatively expensive for the type of food they serve
I love this place! The food is so good, fresh and pita bread delicious! Friendly service also!
Sangria Not very good@6.99. I went for the new $20.00 prefix. Not so sure I will be going back.
Cool,cool,cool. Crazy awesome sandwiches and atmosphere. Look at the menu ahead of time if you can.
Great subs, great staff very friendly and helpful. Try to go several times a month. Food is great.
Best pizza around its fresh, authentic, and quick.
Friendly staff beautiful office got my teeth cleaned after 4 plus years and I'm so glad I did!
Love their ingredients and wood fired pizza!!!! I only wish their to go cups were larger.
Good food and service. Have a menu for gluten-free options which was great,
It's a glorified and expensive Long John Silver's. Greasy fried seafood but 5 times the price.
Came with a party of 14 and we truly enjoyed our experience. The food and service was top notch.
Really interesting and yummy breakfast. Charming little cafe with good service. I'll be going back!
Like this place a lot! Highly recommend mango with sticky rice...my favorite!
Chandra was quick and efficient. I thoroughly enjoyed my Brazilian and will be a repeat customer.
Happy hour is a great deal. $1 pizza slice. Can't beat it.
Good Pizza,Calzones nothing exceptional.Shopping center wine bar.
First time here.  Their lemon bar cheese cake is so good!!   Staff is friendly and helpful.
I take my blazers here to be dry cleaned.Super fast close and great price!
Very clean and the booths are comfortable. Service was excellent and the food was wonderful.
Great drink specials, food is above standard for bar food, and seat and location is wonderful!
Beutifull delicious deserts. Great atmosphere lovely champagne the art of deserts great find
Excellent service pizza was good so where the chicken wings. Really liked the barbecue chicken wings
Not a fan!  Food is ok, if your choices are limited.  Cinnamon sticks weren't worth it.
Food was just ok. The quality of the rice was not great and the tuna was just average.
Great place to kill some time and see new products
freight overcharge . if you don't pay them for prepaid freight - they will cancel your order.
This is the second time I've been to a Sambalatte and they happen to be out of Lavendar.
Stellar comfort food, inventive appetizers,top-notch cocktails, and outstanding service.
Good atmosphere! It's a comfortable little bar that feels relaxed and clean.
It is a hidden treasure! Quick yummy affordable food! Friendly staff and delicious food!
I would rather eat a shitty frozen dinner, then ever eat this food.
My favorite place to eat! This time i tried the rib plate, so tender and full of flavor,  amazing!
This location is not accessible for wheelchair users. There are stairs to the main dinning area.
Excellent food! Vegetarian options available. My husband and I will definitely be back.
They do a pretty good Houston's impersonation. Highlight is the roasted chicken.
Best cupcakes I've had, and with a kick as well! Perfect any Las Vegas Nevada evening.
Excellent sushi! The fresh fish is delicious and the service is great! I will definitely return.
Love the cheese and the rib. The concept is great. Friendly service !!!! Great wrapping skill
My favorite restaurant!!! Love it! So delicious and original Indian food!!! Thx so much for owners!
Excellent burgers and cool atmosphere. In Toronto for a concert and this was a great stop
Never going back over priced burnt piece of crap with no sauce.
Great choices for gifts and cards.  A big plus is that it is unique to Charlotte!
Great breakfast burritos..... Fast service. ....All you want in a Mexican fast food place...
Great drive inn!!! LOVE the shakes here, except I can hear myself getting fatter as I eat them =(.
nice rooms,card dealer don't usually smile here,buffet is a great place here!
My favorite Taco Joint!!! If I move to Vegas, this might be my main reason lol
Musashi is definately the best Teppanyaki I've had in 12 states!!! Must have Tiger for your chef!!!!
Easy to deal with people. No pressure approach. Came, drove, wrote a check and drove off
Just came back from MVPita. Great food, great service, great ambience. We will be back
Great selection of flavors with a nice spacious area and a cute chalk board with all the flavors.
Just at here and its fantastic!!  Service great and very attentive. Will definitely be returning
Breakfast brunch. Three words:  Chicken and waffles.  If you don't do this, then I pity you. Truly.
Super yummy decadent flavors. Staff is very nice. A must for a shake without the guilt!
For lunch ok and defiantly a step up from the really bad food court.
Urmia Market is now closed.  Walked by last week and saw the place closed and the Century21 sign.
Not good. Poor quality "mexican" food. No complimentary chips & salsa.
Bagel with smoked salmon was horrible. Service was not as expected. Felt very unwelcome :(
My wife and I, just keep on coming back for more!!!, take out too...  We love their pizza!!!
Best dim sum in Arizona , hands down no competition!
My all-time favorite yellow curry! And the spring rolls with peanut sauce are just the best.
KYEMARA & band was the BEST man that girl can sing! had a good time
Use to be a great little spot.  Not so much anymore.  No more $1 budlights.
I love how many stores at at this mall and the food court has good options to chose from
it says they close at 9 and i got there at 8:30 and the doors were locked... no subway for me :(
Great pizza at a good price. We love to eat here. Their salads and deserts are great as well.
Super experience, knowledgeable staff, would recommend to anyone seeking a job done correctly.
Great vegan options in Vegas. Food is great, staff is very friendly and the selection is amazing.
Super nice and my pants were fixed in minutes. The lady who helped me was terrific. Good spot.
Queena is amazing!! My nails have never looked so great. I won't see anyone else for my nails. Ever!
Absolutely loved the red velvet but gotta say the new strawberries and cream has won me over.
The drive thru is a mess as you barely have enough room.  Other than that they are super friendly!
Had dinner there last night. Food was good nice atmosphere and our waiter Ron was great!!!
Amazing great service. Turkey bacon ranch is my favorite. The brisket is also super good
Ordered the Quesadilla Texana, very generous portions. Great service and food was excellent
Finally a multi location multi state breakfast house gets it very very right.
I give it 4 stars for having gluten-free pizza crust!
I've been going here since I was a teenager to get my shoes fixed, simply the best at what they do.
Just got my hair cut here (it's like my second home now), and it looks great.
Very fun place with attentive and pleasant waitstaff. Good food and margaritas for sure.
Everyone here is really nice. I like Yuri, but we haven't met the other barbers.
Cheap and they always hock it up. 4/20 is coming up and for sure I'll be shopping there.
Great place for party supplies n costumes they also have a post office
Standard deli fare and standard prices. Decent consistent food. (Chicken & Tuna Salads are good)
Wash and wax for $40. In 30 min. They did such a quick and good job.  I'll be back soon
Cool place! Awesome staff! Caitlyn, Danielle, Emily and Nicole are RAD! Check this place out!!!
Great beer. Great food. Friendly, helpful staff. Nice rewards program.
Marco was the most polite and great guy ever he even had a lil fun sliding our cards:)
Evan is RUDE and has messed up my orders multiple times. Do something about this young lady.
It's alright but not great. My husband likes this place I don't particularly care for it.
Haven't been here yet. Wanted run & get donuts this morning. Why is a bakery closed on Sunday?
I love coming to Bioscreen for product testing!  The staff is super friendly and professional!
Rediculoisly salty. Service was good, but nearly all of our dishes tasted overly salty
Have ordered from here several times.   Pizza is above average for Delivery.
Great place ! Good food (: even thou they don't have alcohol lol every Mexican place should
Bought only 1 roller but got charged for 2. I know its only $3.50 after tax but its still annoying
The usual high pressure to upgrade my car wash, but why would I when they do such a mediocre job!
Got the bowl with salmon--really great food and not what you'd expect next to a yoga studio!
Great coffee, excellent bread and goodies, friendly staff. Its my every sat morning place.
Love this place, the staff is wonderfull and the food is amazing.
Absolutely delicious. Duck fat fries were totally worth it.
Great for the kids. They have tablets and if they get loud it's okay, because it's loud already.
John was very informative and helpful. He took care of bug control and mice as well. Thank you!
Amazing! Came here with my boyfriend on a Friday night - highly recommend the skewers, and ebi mayo!
Beautiful choreography, acrobatics, music, and costume.  Incredibly artistic.
Great food at even greater prices. I recommened it for everyone.
Je pr f re plut t les sandwichs !  Mais j'y vais de temps en temps
Great food and good service. The atmosphere was very welcoming, would definitely come back again.
One of the best little niche spots in town. Cocktails are on point. Service is excellent!
Lots of gluten-free options the food is wonderful the service is at 10
Food is FRESH and great tasting. Staff makes you feel welcome.
Customer service and the dry cleaning service are great.
Shockingly good. Remarkable service! Inexpensive. Great environment!!!!! So impressed
Great sandwiches tasty freshly sliced, excellent service and prices!!! Definitely would recommend.
Awesome dive bar. Great for cheep beers and burgers.
Cool guy and very skilled in his craft. Definitely recommended. Thanks H!
Ehhhh. Couldn't get a med rare cut of prime rib to save my ass. It was all med-well to well. Gross!
12 bucks to get a considerable buzz AND quench your thirst in the dry, desert heat?  OKAY!
Love it. Clean and more place to sit. No parking tho :( Love their Hummus bowl.
Great place for family and kids. Penguins and monkeys, birds and fishes.... all under the same roof.
Good coffee. Good to have coffee shop on this side of town. Need more than 20oz size though
Cool shop,  cool people...  Good assistance and great prices...  Will definitely be back :)
Nice Atmosphere. Industrial look. Bartender friendly. Good pour. Live DJ. Decent drink prices.
Terrible service and overpriced meals.  'nough said.
Decent pho place. The satay (15) pho is probably the best thing on the menu. Good decor and toilets.
Still the best chili chicken in toronto after over a decade and several changes in management!
Very simple....Jen and her sushi are the best in the area.  Love it.
This is one great shop! Honest & not terribly expensive.  Dave is very helpful. Great oil changes
Yum! Yum! Yum! Ajo Al's is delicious :)
Live music, cheap drinks, a pool table, and pinball.  Need I say more? ;)
Their street tacos are the best Ive had in Las Vegas...compares to the ones in California.
First-timers get a free piece of mouth-watering chocolate!!!! So yummy!!!!
Great popcorn, marvellous handmade lemonade Yall!! In any flavor You could think of!!
Just had my new truck tinted here, great job!  I will recommend them to friends.
Really friendly service, clean place, delicious. I was soooooooo pleased!!!!!!!
clean, friendly, delicious food, easy to read menu. love the truffles
Stephan did an amazing job! Would definitely recommend seeing him. He does awesome color work!!!!
Vegan options were clearly labeled. Staff was super nice and food was great.
Good food and friendly waiters, pretty much fills up with customers during lunch buffets.
Focaccia Bread: Excellent! Pide: Excellent!  Cash Register Chick: Lacks people skills.
An incredibly unique concept. Fantastic food .great service . A must do if you are in Gilbert.
The best massage I've ever had. I was able to get to a me dative state. Thank you Kathy
Went there for sitafal icecream which was not available. Good place but needs more variety.
Service was good, attentive and pleasantly polite.  Wings were so so and the sliders were decent.
Love the risoto balls and black bean patties!! The staff is friendly and location quiet pub style
The hostess was so rude! I usually enjoy this place because it's so cheap and pretty good but
So glad this place is now open on sunday. Gluten free desserts great smoothies and healthy food.
For a buffet this was quite a surprise! Food was good and a lot of different variety.
This is what I wanted from Vegas , and I got it!  Great service , the pool is a show stopper!
Awesome - friendly staff, massive plates at low prices. Now my go-to for brunch in the area.
LITTLE BUDDHA HAIKU:  Wonderful seating. It was so damn packed that night, Buttocks scraped my head.
Love it :) All fromage Arepa or Cartina are the best :) Lots of cheeese!! love it
Can't go wrong with Chick-fil-A.  Chick-fil-A sauce for the best fries ever is so good!
Quick and tasty. Large portions. Love their Mongolian Beef ordered moderatly spicy. Good price.
Waited more than 30min for my food, workers were in the back eating pizza, not well organized..
Appetizers are so fresh, very homey, and authentic with a very modern layout . Love the soup.
Great food, good prices, iffy customer service.
Best price, on time, and they get thing done. Highly recommended Adam (Tech). I will use them again.
Fast and friendly delivery. The strawberries were fresh and the chocolate was delicious!
meilleur repas que j'ai eu de ma vie tout etais exelent le service le cocktail le steak
Had an amazing experience, loved the interior and food was tasty! Just go, you'll know what I mean.
Busy location, fast service. Its McDonalds. You've been to one you've been to them all.
Tasteless food. Cold rolls out of a bag. Don't need to come back.  Had such hi hopes.
Awesome whiskey flight class! John was very knowledgeable and made the class super interesting!
It WAS as good as it got but is sadly closed. Ah mi corazon!
Love the environment. Great waiter Nick. Super friendly, infectious smile!
Hot Hooters! Need I say more? I'd come here any day over the ones in NYC.
Nice technicians.  They know what they're doing. Super convenient.  No complaints at all.
clean place.  great service.  Located walking distance of everything
great customer service.  Just make sure to have an appointment so you don't have to wait as long.
We love this place, genuine taste of the cuisines and great service
First time here, not very busy this AM. Great menu homemade Corned Beef Hash. Yum
Nice environment and fast and friendly service, with a nice menu. Close to Bell Centre.
Mango cheesecake seemed old like mail order.  It was my third visit.  Staff a little slow now.
Excellent service and better than Italy... the chocolate hazelnut and salted caramel were amazing!
No service for sure but can't complaint for a $6.99 lobster when you spend over $20!
good food, fun ambiance, cool people!  Definitely a fan
Fun times tonight, 5 places, 2 1/2 hours, no stress, great drivers, highly recommend!
The filet was delicious.   The service just STUNK.   That's really all I have to say.
Haydee fixed my Jumbo Jack on the house! Thanks Haydee!!
Ate here Friday night.  Good scene but everything else just ok, including service.
Cheap & disrespectful owners. They have no respect and water down there liquor to make more money.
I love this place. The food is good and inexpensive. The people who work there are very friendly.
Ryan, the visual director did an amazing job laying out this two-story LV store
Very sketchy, horribly slow. Would not recommend. Go to a legitimate car rental company.
Margaritas were weak.   Service was slow. Food was OK, but not worth the steep prices.
First Japanese cuisine experience in Vegas fish is so fresh great atmosphere and chef is really nice
This bar has really good bartenders, and I like the decor.
It used to misoya but they change to goku, give u something new about japanese dishes, give it try
Good food.  HUGE portions.  Great service.  Interesting morning place to eat.
It's a great experience for the whole family.  Painting wood projects and no mess at home!
From the other chinese restaurants I went to, the food is alright. Not as flavorful.
Gym is no the best I ever seen. But pool is so small and always(!!!) crowd with old people
Love the way they take care of our mutual customers with finding them a place to live!
Its wonderful. They are nice and do a great job. Totally worthed.
My favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  The "What it is" pasta dish is phenomenal.
Saucisson, p t , p tes artisanales, conserves avec un personnel ultra-sympa.
This place is really great, fresh ingredients, and the price is right, similar to in-n-out I think.
Dr. Blume is a master at his craft and his team is friendly and helpful. I trust him explicitly.
The ruben was awful and the service, this place and food is not the same anymore.
Local dive bar with cheap beer an roudy folks. Come in a crowd!
Decent mall but lacks some of the big name brands located at Caesar's, The Venetian and Crystal's.
Food was delish! Loved the salad with the crispy pita chips and the garlic sauce is amazing !
Great food, great service, and interesting presentations! Go! Enjoy!
The chicken is killer!
The food is pretty ok here.. But I found part of a clear plastic bag in my food once.
Awesome ice cream and frozen yogurt. Even cooler that it's made to order however you'd like it.
I Hated it!  I felt the baton throwing and staged fighting was very boring.
Neutral Cycle is great! They're extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and timely.
Wish there was some seating :/. 4" heals for 3 hours gets a little tough.  Otherwise, fun spot :)
Yum food ... nice staff the food is everything a hidden gem  come check this place out my yelps !
Are we sure this isn't a "front" for something because they certainly don't do chinese food well!
nicest BJ's around.. the micro brews were amazing and the chicago style pie is great
Service without a smile but looking to sober up...this is your place :)
Go early for more options, it always fresh buns and pastry melt in your mouth good ;)
I love the the Ramen here!! i wish their spot is not in the mall!! Great staff!! Great food!!
This place will fill your belly! Good food great beer and amazing service!
I love the way my nails look! Kelly uses SNS and I can get any color I want, even French!!
Nice place to live and good friendly moving staff. quick closing service request.
I love this place! The food is fresh and the portions are huge. So glad they have a 2nd location
Jaz gave us great service when we came back for warranty! Very professional will definitely be back
really fast and relatively good service. Mr. Kim does a good job of altering pants
Pretty good food.  Reliable, in terms of consistency.
OK this is the real deal. Great burgers fab onion rings Generous whisky pours! A come back to place.
The food was good and the service was excellent. The salsa though was not as spicy as expected
Love it!!! Way to go guys! Now open one in the south :D
Excellent yogurt bowls and health shots!  I added almond butter to my yogurt bowl....so good!
If your ever in Charlotte come here its an institute and they have PORK WINGS.
Great place to see a live show. Lagunitas IPA on draft. Is there anything else?
Great lunch special, 6.50 and you get soup, spring roll or pop. Would recommend the Chili  chicken
Very upbeat and entertaining!
Nice place to grab breakfast or lunch.
Authentic Chinese cuisine and on time delivery!  A bit on the pricey end.
Food was just ok don't see the big deal nothing to write home about ... service is ok
Nice, clean location. Help was accomdating and cheerful.
Taco bell quality for restaurant prices. Chips are extremely salty and portions are small.
Amazing burger! Fun little place to eat. Great service. Onion rings are killer. Wrk go back for sure
These guys know their stuff.  Professional staff and great location.
Good food. But the language barrier is tough. Take someone with you that speaks Spanish.
Moved to AZ.  Needed a sandwich shop worthy of my hard earned dollar.   This place is it.
You get what you get here. Cheap prices decent food and quick service.  I love it!
I went in for a daith piercing. Super friendly. Explained everything. Great guy and place.
Great place for business meals. I go here regularly.
Love the bbq chicken, mashed potatoes w/gravy, and caesars salad!! A most fabulous lunch!!!
Great service ! If you're in the market  for a unique car or just a great one - give him a call!!
Fourth place I have tried to eat at third mcdonalds first three places were closed down
Blacked out here during A friend's birthday meal, broke up With boyfriend and puked.
Tana and Cris always make my day #Newdo #Newwoman. This is the only place I trust in Charlotte.
Service was prompt and friendly, and the food, especially the Pad Thai, excellent.
solid place.  excellent beer selection.  food is very good. prices are decent.
THE
Better than Pink Box, it's not a desert-dry donut. It's heaven. Absolutely delicious!
Good oysters, small mostly crab cakes, mostly cream chowder
Our server Bernard was magnificent! Alaskan roll, not so much.... the tea tastes like fish.
The wait is horrific but so worth it. We waitied an hour and a half and still loved it.
Brilliant portions... Great food.. Good prices ...
I go to the Cleveland international film festival & I am never disappoint with the films I see !
My favorite sushi burrito / bowl spot in the city!  Get the yum yum sauce the next time your in.
I appreciate quality and understand that costs money, but HOLY COW!!!!
The food is pretty good and cheap too!
This place has to be the best breakfast/brunch spot in Charlotte. Omelets and hashbrowns are great.
I love the French vanilla and this crew is really good in making the one that exactly I want !!!
Pretty good and cozy Place for casual dinning.... Steak and lobster bisque soup were really great!!!
Drive through... check. Italian sausage... check. dipped... double check.
Very nice and clean store. I would like to see a better selection of their organic produce.
Great shop!!!! Family owned, fair prices, friendly people, fast service. What more could you want???
How come management isn't going anything to improve the horrible customer service at this place?
Excellent bar food for a reasonable price- The bartenders are friendly and service is fast.
The absolute rudest, nastiest people around. Avoid this place at all costs.
super nice people and food is cheap and fresh, great spot to get sushi for lunch :)
Never again, called to get my order replaced and new pizza was not cooked in the middle.
Easy to find!   Solid haircut! Great barber, and value for the money.  Highly recommend!!
Had a great time here. Beer selection was nice and the food was memorable.
We had Mother's Day lunch here and it was fantastic! Food and service were both outstanding.
hipster burgers are cool i guess. I liked the steak sandwhich they have. Good quality for sure.
gorgeous venue.  came for a wedding.  ceremony in the barn and reception in the pavilion.
If you want to enjoy a great wurst with killer fries and wide selection of beers. This is your place
2.5 years out from my Bell Honda visit, Timing belt & CV joints still good.
If you like scotch, wine, cigars, and/ or pipes, you owe it to yourself to pay this place a visit.
Excellent!!  I placed an order using the Grub Hub app and they delivered with in 30 mins.
Great food, great prices, need I say more?  I don't think I can, because I'm stuffed.
This place is amazing! The prices are reasonable and the workers are extremely welcoming and kind.
Love their lattes. Always very creamy and delicious. Very clean place and very friendly staff
The Best I've Had, Home in SD, in TJ, and here in Las Vegas.
Dropped in for lunch today. Great food and service. Sweet and sour lunch combo was on point.
Have the best kung pao chicken and they have a lunch special which makes it more affordable!
The electrician was ontime, courteous, and highly experienced! He also got my job done quickly!
I love this place!! Unique vibe and dishes... Great music, staff and reasonable prices!
Great local cafe, their eggs are always cooked to perfection and the staff is always friendly
dear desert's and everything they make is quit orgasmic... lol this oatmeal cream pie...flawless!!
Holy Cannoli and great Espresso. Very friendly people at the counter. Looking forward to going back.
Decent collection of salami & other meats with a few Asian specialties
Shake A Tail remains the best night in town. THE BEST.
Terrible place they keep messing my 90 yr old grandmother.  Need to boycott this company
Good atmosphere nice team tasty! I love the variety! Love this plaza, always parking!
Great brews and the southwest egg rolls ROCK
Once you eat Feta from here you won't ever have store bought Feta again. Authentic Greek!
Really good small place! Wings are awesome and  Kate is a really good bartender with personality.
Love this gym! Big, clean and the staff if very nice.
Back again with 9 family members.  As expected both food and service was exceptional.
Got a stack of pies for my HS students. They're tough critics, and they loved em. We'll be back
This place has such good food and it very affordable!  Love the 50s theme and the staff is so nice!
Good wings!  Few cheap special priced nights.
Went in for an oil change, was in and out of there in 20 minutes! Fast and friendly service!
Crap service. Took 2 hours for our party to get food!
Excellent meal, all from the specials. Try the ravioli with osso bucco sauce.
Great Patio, nice view , average service, decent food. I'll be back:)
I love this place! Best beer in LV!  'Nuff said.
A unique place. It's small, but has a interesting variety of tasty food. Forth trying it out.
We love being part of the Emerald club. Debbie was great. Our goto car rental location.
Best Custard EVER!!! so fresh, creamy and delicious. Great place to sit and talk with friends.
The lady behind the counter was awesome. Will definitely be going back for all our biking needs!
It's the best nail shop I have ever been! Their staffs are so nice!! That's my favorite place!
 set fries poutine 
They exceeded my expectations,  very experienced and friendly staff,  a beautiful spa.
BEST CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH!  ENDLESS MIMOSAS!!! need i say more? =)
This place serves the best chicken sandwich I've ever had!  Juicy. Tender. And fresh. So good!
Big Ass Burger was awesome! Great $5 mojitos. Service was excellent. Best place to go in Scottsdale!
Best Vietnamese egg rolls in town. Best gyro in town. They know you by name. Love this place!
Might be my favorite spring training complex.   Nice and small feel, very inviting to visitors..
Quick and prompt. We were on tight schedule and he was very available. Excellent work.
The ambience reminds me of a cool hangout spot in New York. The lavender latte is a must try!
Great food and excellent service! Also, the patio is a really nice spot to relax and have a drink!
No appointments but they're pretty good. The one guy gives THE BEST leg massages.
Food was good. Service was nice. It was a bit out of our way but worth the small deviated drive
Michelle is deff a great promoter! Responds back quickly and gets us on the guest list every time.
This place was super fun. Great food, huge beer selection and great ambiance.
The food and service is great! Expect a long wait because it's so popular but it's worth it!!
Quick service but the pad Thai was overly sweet. The summer rolls were fresh and crisp but tiny.
Everyone is awesome! Fast friendly staff!!!! Make an appt online as this location fills up fast.
Love the park systems they have so much to offer from trails to trains to fishing sight seeing
Great Quality. Fresh ingredients and good meat. Tried The Carne Asada burrito amazing
Nice place to have breakfast.  Generally good food and nice ambience.
Love this place. Great little neighborhood bar. Excellent burgers! Great tribute to veterans.
Ann does a terrific job! I have been going to her for a couple years now and Highly recommend her!
Good food ! Great service! Amanda is the best!
My husband wanted s straight forward haircut. They did a great job and will be returning!
Starting my New Year right....pampering myself at my favorite spot! They treat me like a
Delicious fresh food ALWAYS. Quick service & the best Patron Margaritas I have ever had!
The sweet and sour pork lacks flavor and didn't have enough sauce or vegetables in it
Okay. Not Cafe Rio. Not Costa Vida.
Delicious food!  Service was great too.  It is spicy but yummy.  I'd highly recommend it!
Great selection of local and national beer.  Great place to hang out with a large group.
Dislike new ownership marketing practice. Price increased, and long wait time than previous quote.
Very clean stuff very nice.  Loved the salad.  The spices was just right. I recommend to everyone!
It's 63 degrees at 5:30 am - bring plenty of water
Chicken shack has better service. Food was kinda ok. Service was slow and unorganized.
Excellent service and the Bartender rocks it with whatever you need.  Off the chain....
Love the food with live music and the staff knows there beer
Best wonton soup I've had so far, and when you add noodles and bbq pork it's out of this world
Great staff, good selection , pricing on par with the big box stores. Why go anywhere else.
Best pizza around! They use quality ingredients and bake to perfection.
Very friendly and knowledgable staff. Nothing but great customer service  with each visit.
Good food and good drinks. My only wish is for it to be bigger. The seating is tricky so come early.
Love the entire chain. This is an older location but still a wonderful workout and atmosphere.
Excellent. Real veal not patties.Good service. Very nice atmosphere. I am hooked.
kept me cool in hot vegas weather. not packed about 6 pools very clean
Damon was excellent! Great recommendation, give this man a promotion! He should be manager!
Amazing dumplings! Everything else I have tried was very good too.  Staff is very nice.
Best pizza in the Burgh hands down! Friendly service and fast delivery to many locations!
I went for a gel manicure and they did a great job.  No wait time and staff was friendly.
Other mr jerk spots foods taste much better than here. I think the cooks is messing it up
Eric detailed my car and did a great job! I would do repeat business with him.
Nice tiny cafe to chill, free wifi provided.   I love their peach & coconut bubble tea.
I love the spicy salmon roll! The service is quick and friendly. We come here all the time!
Get the spicy sweet  bibimbap with the sashimi.... holy awesome!
it's a starbucks. there's 6 of them in walking distance of this one. what more can you say?
Can't say i'm a huge fan but it's ok.  Crust was a bit tough and bland for my taste.
Great hot dogs! the atmostphere of this place is fun, many things to look at and have a good laugh.
"My first expierience at Arby's? Fucking orgasmic. Service: god tier. The food? God. Tier. "- Tadeo
Best Thai  Restaurant in Chandler! The crab fried rice a bomb.com The green curry is killer.
Great beer selection   Cute servers. Food sucks   Oh well u can't have it all i  guess
Great for quiet reflection...as long as there aren't too many homeless people milling about.
Crazy times here. The only thing worst then this park is the high school right next to it
The food is amazing! This woman LOVES to cook!  She does not take credit cards so be prepared.
One of the best sushi places in town, I've been coming here for years and absolutely love it.
Awesome place.  We came with 5 women from out of town. They were helpful and did a great job.
Like a fast food sushi place. Not impressed.
This Bridge crosses the Monongahela River near Station Square. It's Pittsburgh's oldest bridge.
Highly recommend this place. Great haircut, hot towel and shoulder message. I recommend Kim.
I want my money back.
It's different, sweet salsa and smoke flavor to the meat and beans.. two stars for presentation.
Great classic cocktails, and terrific top quality small plates, this place is a gem. Love it.
Simple, pero muy delicioso.  El s ndwich con tocino, huevo, salami y queso, una verdadera delicia.
Not good. Terrible service. Marginal food for the price.
Great food great service...best prime rib ever!  John and Jose rocked it.
Try the cheese curds and the sea salt and caramel gelato. One of our new favorite spots!
Closed for lunch! Drove in from Boulder City PLZ UPDATE THIS!
Good food, good location and kids can eat for free on  tuesdays.
Best Mexican food I've ever eaten. Flautas are amazing!!!
The show was a fun, high energy show that is perfect for every age. She was super engaging.
Best shrimp empanadas and chicken tacos HANDS DOWN! The free chips and salsa was bleh
Much better than your average cafe. Lots of choices, okay prices, service is good!
Great place to go and have a coffee while working. Food is very well done and tasteful.
Had awesome service and food.!!Definitely worth the stop  The works chicken wings rock!!
Great product line and very competitive pricing, but TERRIBLE customer service.
Loveee this place!! Yummy pizza and really like the inside of it. Whimsical and beautiful!!
Very good Greek diner with a great selection. Try the chicken orzo soup it is yummy.
Terrible customer service, always a mess, lack of inventory vs. styles in other stores and online.
New location in McMurray, PA on Center Church road. Open for lunch and dinner. Very good food!!!!
If you like Korean BBQ, this is an excellent choice. Bring your appetite
Good burgers but absolutely horrible service. 1.5 hours before seeing our food, are you kidding me?
Very bad experience, server's attitude is really bad... need more training on customer service.
Scallops, Truffle mac ... best flavors I've had this year.
Suuuuper cool little store! Everything is basically do-it-yourself, pretty simple, self explanatory.
this place is good and good price as well ... my other Korean restro fav!
Nice ballpark. Friendly staff, good food options and not a bad seat in the house.
Excellent food and service -- worth every penny.
Long wait for brunch but they text  you when seats are ready
Favorite Greek spot!  Their pita bread are delicious !  Souvlaki combo is my favorite!
Best service ever -  find Lovejoy behind the bar.  Divine grape salad.
Good chicken feet. Everything else meh.
Chicken wings are the best. The cashier is also very good looking.
Not the best donuts, not the worst. Small will some topping for $2 just doesn't cut it for me.
I love their ribeye gorgonzola. Good price, beer and food.
Pretty decent quick Chinese food place. If your craving Chinese skip Panda and come here.
Every type of cheap Las Vegas junk under one roof.
A delicious french toast breakfast with a gorgeous view in a beautiful atmosphere.
Loved this place! Food was delicious and definitely worth coming here. Cant go wrong with the salmon
Their pizza sauce is a little sweet for my tastes, but they have the best chicken in Akron!
Great employees. Always willing to help and share a smile. Location is good and store is UBER tidy
Best nail salon in the area.  I went to Amy who is the manager, but everyone at this place is a gem!
Equally as good as Bangkok Balcony butwith a nicer bar. The drinks are always good as is the food.
They specified the gratuity (tip) on the bill. Won't be going here again.
Not gourmet but solid every time. The folks are always very nice and the good is delicious.
The Capres  Salad is my favorite. The pizzas are good too. Oh, and the chocolate chip cookies.
Just discovered the beans again! Along with wings it's a really filling meal for a great price!
Have eaten there for years. Their combo sushi rolls are amazing and so it anything Pho!
Very rude service. Poor choices of sides (e.g. no french fries)
Everything looks gorgeous and tastes great. Highly recommended for all dessert lovers.
$2.50 for a tiny macaroons as it's not that good!. BOUCHON is by far the best macaroons I ever had.
If you like a rude, lazy and unprofessional server staff and half arse  pizza dine here.
The veggie burger was fantastic!!!! Way to cater to the veggie crowd. Loved the food.
Amazing place! Loved it! Great music! Great environment! Would recommend it to anyone!
It's no boiling crab but it's delicious and available in las Vegas.
Very good and convenience.  A little pricey but worth is.
Great place to bring your dog. For a change of pace, there are many trails around the park.
. It's under new ownership. Come in and see us. $30 mani pedi, $20 gel polish.
This pizza was delicious.  Fresh ingredients.  Fast and friendly service!  Great full service bar!
Love this place!!  Their sandwiches are so dang delicious!!!   Service is excellent too !!
Hands down my fav brunch place on the strip. The best croque madame in the universe-!!
Great food!  Fast!  The cashier was super helpful and let me taste the different hummus. Yuummmm!
Bouchon is our favorite breakfast restaurant. The food is delicious and the service is impeccable.
The pizza is fabulous  Excellent Chicago style pizza., eat here now!
Great atmosphere and a fantastic wine selection.  Parking can be quite difficult on weekend nights.
Had my brows waxed here. They did a great job! No stay hairs left over, trimmed and beautiful.
We had a great experience.  Ambiance, Friendly service and very good food.  Highly recommended.
amazing the dbl elk burger is awesome moist burger and gigantic... wish it was closer...
I love the atmosphere Jessica was great.I am definitely returning. My  lips look amazing.
Best beer and food ever!  You gotta try this place....
Crepes are delicious. Eggs Benedict was also good but the English muffin was hard as a rock.
Super job! Quick and precise! A very god experience for an out-of-towner that needed a fill quickly!
Fantastic work and price.  Would recommend to others and use again. Wayne from Crown King.
This place has the most delicious treats, the best part is it's less than 5 minutes from my work!
Decent food (salmon).  But the atmosphere and service are lacking.  Better options in the area.
Best in room IV service. Our nurse Maria was very professional and a pleasure to be around.
Try the flat bread! Basil tomato! Yum
Very friendly service. Great range of bikes and biking accessories.
Was delicious ! Big Jim, poutine fries,  beignets... now I need to try some more items!!
Drove through for a milkshake.  Fast and friendly service.  Normal Chick Fil A menu.
Good spot great food. Has a nice atmosphere and the waitress was very friendly made me laugh
Great service, great food, great atmosphere -had the shrimp & grits - really enjoyed.it
First time in and had the Green Chili Burger. Just want to say that it was AWESOME!!!
great ambience ! But the food could be more authentic and healthy ... Just a thought ;)
Terrible customer service. Only 2 lanes open and no self check open. Long lines and slow.
 !  Great food, service and chill environment.   Try the prime rib and Taiwanese popcorn chicken.
The fried chicken cutlet in the chicken and waffel sandwich was tough.
1 word Ghetto
Delicious Food and Great Staff! Love this place! Hats off to Andraya for awesome customer service!
The revamped peanut butter pie is amazing !!
They're the bomb.com all the time always make the best pizza in town all day everyday
Awesome food. Great service. The waffle chicken sandwitch is great! Gotta try their yummy custard!
They don't seem to mind that my dog Reggie terrorizes the birds.
Terrible service, poor quality food. Gilbert and Warner location is better. Won't be returning.
Lovely little place. The food, the drinks the service are all top notch.
I always enjoy eating at Liberty Market. They have an excellent selection of non-meat items.
love this barber shop! I just wish they served beer whilst  I gets my hair did!
Batshit crazy waitress, dirty tables, below average food. Stay away!  Mr. Burke, your box is scary.
Its a salad buffet....thats it! It's boring.  It's clean, good service, but its not exciting.
Our fav local spot for sushi and we have a great time after the bar starts us off with shots!
Frozen food, canned sauce try Cucina Tagliani on Bell Rd. 100% better quality and service.
Great food, but the pizza is where it shines. A little dark inside, but not worth complaining about.
Great deals on all CDs DVDs.  Look here first before shopping anywhere else. Collectables.
Patio furniture is VERY dirty.  No inside seating available, very busy.  Good bagels!
Leckeres Essen in toller Atmosph re !!! F r jeden etwas dabei nur weiter zu empfehlen
Everything was so good! Must order the spicy eggplant! Green tea ice cream was also excellent
Always buy my beans here - one of the more knowledgable purveyors of coffee in the city.
Excellent service and very reasonably priced. I couldn't be happier. Thank you Se or Mist.
Still enjoying the peaceful and relaxing salon, the superb service and friendly people.
Awesome little shop, they have a lot of stuff in stock and they will order you what ever you need!
No English comic books. A few English trade paperbacks.  Great store for records and books though.
Slow and rude service, with undercooked pizzas. Avoid this and head on over to papa johns instead.
Pizza and fried ravioli was great, good service, nice atmosphere, I highly recommend it
Awesome grocery store. Has most of the unusual stuff you would be looking for and great produce.
Read some of the reviews and just had to go it was worth the walk great food and drinks.... :)
Steak was cooked perfect and salad bar was tastey! We love coming to this family spot.
So delicious.  Love the flexibility that you can pick your own individual pizza.  Fresh and hot.
Really enjoyable dinner. Flank steak was wonderful. Ceviche and duck were delicious too.
Ordered the carne asade and its bomb!!! People are pretty cool and the amount is awesome...
This place was amazing. Great food and service. I would highly recommend it. I will Def  go back.
I've tried this place several times.  Food is good but not very much when it comes to portion sizes.
Chicken apple walnut sandwich is pretty tasty. Butterfinger wontons are my favorite dessert.
Fun for all to be had gir the price of free great music and entertainment for the eyes.
Great food with an interesting menu! Asian flare but the Garden steak is really good.
Songs are new! It is just $11 per person during happy hour, from 4 to 8pm. Good deal!
So good.  Pies are great, wings amazing.  Even delivery was fantastic!  Will definitely order again!
Best coffee and Crepes! Awesome Place for super affordable prices!! Will definitely be back:)
These guys suck! Waited forever while employees talk with one another. Very frustrating
I've tried other eye centers and haven't been happy. They have the best lenses and service!
Terrible nails but by far the best eyebrow waxing ever! She is great- I won't go to anyone else!
If you are an asshole eat at Bragg's. It will make you a better person.
Awesome joint. Great food. It was a great place to catch our breath after walking down the Strip.
Josalyn was great. The cut was extremely awesome. And the atmosphere was incredibly friendly.
My daughter loves their Steven universe shirts. A very good selection of bows and accserories
best around, great service and prices. they know their stuff
Their babaganuoush (sp)is great. so are their martinis!
Very Good! Bagels are fresh and tasty! Very fast service!
Absolutely the best for fresh produce. We go there at least twice a week for produce.
Delicious latte friendly staff and a nice view.. what more could you want with your morning coffee.
Taundra was very helpful. Upgraded 2 phones. Answered all our questions. In & out in no time.
BEST lunch and reverse / late night happy hour in Vegas .
Delicious Tom Yung koon soup...and the best coconut ice cream. ..great place never disappoints
cant go wrong with this place, interesting flavors to pick from and all are great.
Great spot... always a spot at the bar... happy hr is awesome... being so close ibahould go more
Super service. Great, friendly people who clearly care about their customers.
Super duper friendly staff and great cocktails! Such a great look and feel to the place!
Top notch service and food. Atmosphere was great I would definitely recommend meat and potatoes
Excellent salon. Nancy did a great job doing my hair.  I highly recommend this salon.
Delicious! I love the tea from this place.. Definitely worth trying!!!
Food is amazing and staff is very friendly, wait time can get crazy so order ahead of time
I love House of Yang! Their orange chicken and low mein are fantastic.
Food is good, cheap.  Normal bar drinks, typical Pittsburgh bar
Great food & good service.  I love the Hibachi.
Poor service.  Waited ten minutes before someone asked to take our drink order.
Out of the way, hole in the wall type restaurant.  Food was yummy & service was great.
Brogan's Madtown.  Keeping it awful.
Wow. This place never fails. Been here five times and each time it surpasses expectations.
Fantastic live music and fun crowd; Dian Diaz is great
Super friendly staff! Awesome wings, nice and juicy and crispy... great flavor! We will be back.
yes,,you will enjoy.eat a sammy, grab a bowl a soup..yinz will be back
3 years later and I still LOVE DS and Chris!
Great staff.  Food delicious. Customer service tops. Interior ambience very relaxing.
You can actually choose your own combination ! Chow mien and orange chicken! Huge portion!
Great selection and service. Very helpful with my questions. Will go back to make some new brews.
I have never hugged a chiropractor till I was adjusted by Dr. Carol. She has a healers touch.
Sheila helped my wife and I, she was very patient and informative! Will go back again in the future.
The Grill & Staff is unreal. Amazing Burgers and Sandwich options. Resonable prices as well
Great authentic Mexican food. The best street style tacos I've had since living in Mexico.
Very cool place.  Hostess and waitress were very friendly and the food and drinks were outstanding.
Hello Mofongo, my sweet, garlicky love!  Nice staff and killer food.  I can't wait to go back.
CARNE ASADA FRIES!!!!Amazing inexpensive food. I'm from Chicago and it's like being home for dinner
Great wash, great price. Now have a very clean vehicle. Definitely going back with my other vehicle.
Had the lunch special there yesterday.  Price was reasonable but, i wouldn't consider it my fav.
Very sweet and friendly staff here, and i didnt had to wait that long, best starbucks so
Wonder wax is amazing! April is so friendly and knowledgeable. They offer great services!
Clear and big isles, very different than what I used to in Los Angeles.
Green chile pork was amazing. And happy hour all summer is awesome.
Love the food at this place ...Shrimp is just delicious !!!
Good food and tasty unique cocktails but VERY slow service even for drinks.
Great place with great food and atmosphere. Will definitely make it here every time we're in town.
Took forever to get my order and then they mess it up. It's fastfood...really?
love this place! and service is always great!!
the palms is too cheesy to be sophisticated and too old to be modern.  tre disappointed
Franco is back! What a great evening! Enjoy his new place.
Really bad coconut milk shake.....
Delicious! Delicious! Such a great staff very welcoming, clean, great music. Hidden GEM!!
Lilly the assistant manger is so rude!!! Not helpful at all! I would not recommend going here.
Off the Hook, amazing selection of cheese!!  Go here!
Superb food and service! Happy atmosphere and busy on a Friday night.  Worth it though!
L accueil  tait effroyable l endroit  tait sale l A  viter
L'omelette au chorizo et juste trop excellente ! Avec un caf  br silien c'est juste parfais ;)
Awesome service.  Arrived on time, very courteous and fast.  Great price!  Will definitely use again
Went there once. Decent pho and rolls. Service is so so.
Great experience all around. Sushi rolls were tasty and unique. Great quality for AYCE!
Just moved into town and needed a new dental office.
Excellent ribs, a very good choice of wines and the apple cobbler was great, service was very good.
Had an amazing dinner last night.  Food and drinks were amazing and the service cannot be beat!
I love the services provided by Amanda. I actually just scheduled my next appointment. Cannot wait!
Me likes the zipparitahhhh!  :). And the chips and guac were good too!  Great place to relax!
Street tacos are fantastic!  Nothing fancy for a dining experience but the food makes up for it!
Love their food, esp the entries. We have been their few times and loved the food and their service.
Dr. Glasscock is an excellent dentist. I would recommend his services to anyone in Charlotte.
I stayed at the Wynn and encore hotel many times and they have the best service in vegas.
Love their fried pickles.Beer selection is good too. Went on the Big Game day,enjoyed it.
Great chicken,waffles awesome Bruxie sauce makes waffle too mushy otherwise a great place
What a shithole. Dirty and dingy, the food took forever and the fries were super greasy.
Went for happy hour last year... Terrible drinks and crabby bartender. Will likely never go back.
Amazing provider who really cares for your pet and is t trying to get rich off of you!! Great guy!
The service at iAUTOHAUS is fantastic! I have been extremely pleased with the service on my car.
AWFUL, will never go here again, the PASTRAMI and everything and the service was awful.
During the open promotion, this place advertised one and give us something else. Scam place.
Best boba in AZ! The customer service here is on point. Try out the coco loco! It's bomb.com
Pork chops are off the chain good. nice staff and the gravy and rice keep you happy
Great Happy hour!  Love th Miso Soup and the overall atmosphere!  Great plum wine too!
Love this store! I wish I had a Fresh and Easy in my home town. The F&E brand products are great.
Great place for some good beer and steam fish. Love the family. Try the steam fish and hot pot!
I can't believe there is a cool place to hangout in the airport that has great food!!
Great meatloaf sandwiches!  Cookies baked fresh.  Nice, local owned place with good food.
Awesome blonde high lites. Lasted 4 months. Very happy-going back today for the 2nd time
Everything about this place is amazing! Delicious cocktails and food paired with great service!
Dr Sandee Patel is OUTSTANDING! One of the best doctors that I have ever had.
Best Chinese food ever! And the staff is super nice as well :)
Great place - I personally recommend Ricky but the other stylists are very good as well.
Really enjoy the food, just wish it was not so expensive.
Great staff and extra large HD TVs to watch all the games with friends!!
It's freezing, there's a lack of parking, the staff is overwhelmed and I won't be back.
My niece was treated like s**twhen she had her baby there.
Lovely coffee shop with good, strong cappuccino, nice croissants and meals. Nice ambiance.
Dry and stinky food. Nothing special or anything that separates this place from anything else
A-Ok. Never tried the brunch though- wouldn't mind coming back earlier in the day to check it out.
amazing in-house made pizza and pasta!!!!!!! love the bread
This location is now closed. :(
Too many younger, inexperienced instructors teaching majority of the classes at this place.
Wonderful parish, friendly people. I was from out of town and found this church on Yelp.
First time here, excellent pizzas best meatballs!! I love love this place!!
Good price, good and quick service. I have been several times and haven't had a complaint once.
Cute place and delicious food, cafe con leche was amazing! Staff was great and friendly :)
Friendly service and excellent prices! I am looking forward to using their grooming services too.
As always a welcoming staff. Always a pleasure to visit here. Thank You!
Place was great, service was good, Michelle took care of us, also the food was good too!!!
WAY overpriced for what we got.  The room was musty and the food was so-so.  Very disappointed.
Great food, great service, and healthy options are a big plus!
Amazing! Will definitely come back next time I'm in town! Food was great as well as the service.
Love the customer service (especially the man there). Very nice and helpful
Health South Valley of the Sun  in Glendale Arizonna is not closed. They are open seven days a week.
This business is solid. These people are friendly, fast and efficient. Overall, great experience.
Best my nails ever looked! Very nice, honest couple who own the place. I will be back soon!
Not only is happy hr 7 days a week, as long as there's a football game on......Happy hr is on!
Awesome place, the crowd is a bit older but #Classic & Relax music......Prices are really reasonable
Chicken tacos are average, but the nachos are pretty tasty.
They ROCK.  I hope they'll open one in Sherman Oaks, CA!!
Fantastic Food, Great Service. Very nice and relaxing date cafe :)
I already like this place! Over 10 year pool player. So I can spot great pool places! My new home!
Great sausages and great beer. This place is great and I really enjoy the food and the beer here.
Best Thai food in all of Las Vegas.  I really enjoyed dinner and all for under $35.00.
This is an average sub. Really well priced. I would say it's a good bang for your buck.
We had Steve come over and fix our fountain pump. He was great  Would highly recommend this company
Good healthy options.  Staff is still trying to figure a few things out but overall We like it.
Best sushi I've ever had before.  Quality food and tasty!!! Very nice waitress and clean atmosphere
Best French macarons in town, very good Gelato, nice people. Don't miss it, it is really good.
We order from the China Wok on a regular basis and the service, food and owners are great.
Chili spicy seafood mix was fantastic and the spicy kick is wonderful but it's real too chili :)
Real good  carpet & tile grout cleaner by Bob & crew. Yes !
delish!!! lines are wayyyy to long....but worth the wait. dont go sunday early afternoon!
Much too crowded but appetizers and entrees are excellent especially the shrimp & grits offering.
Best place in Az peeeeeeriod!!! Deep fried manapuas !! Ono has nothing on Aloha kitchen!!
Very nice shopping mall.  Good mix of high end and affordable stores.
Worst delivery service. Took two hours for food and driver demanded a tip. Don't order from here
Very yummy burgers! The chicken sandwich looks amazing and the strawberry limeade it so good!
just easy reading nothing special paperbacks only
Solid menu from top to bottom.  Nothing fancy but clean place and good atmosphere
Had my first ever peameal bacon sandwich here. What a life changing moment.
Best gyros in phx by far. never disappoints. especially good when it's busy.
Okra is awesome and free hush puppies hits the spot. Brisket is moist and wings are tasty.
Great spicy Szechuan food, very traditional Cheng Du City cuisine.
Great burgers! Love the beer batter onion rings and yummy fries with truffle drizzle ! Great service
Service very cold, food ok, price more expensive than average, no tax given on receipt.
My waitres was Angie and incredibly nice to us soon wrote this review to her because she was awso
Every time I come, their shake machine is down. Wtf this is not McDonald's????? A shame.
Awesome show! If you like classic rock, this is a must see!    Thoroughly enjoyed it! Tons of talent
Very nice staff. Love the atmosphere. Highly recommend to anyone! They take top care of my corgi.
After my second experience I will never return. I will be nice and not write why on yelp.
Very good and clean grocery store. Staff is very helpful when looking for items.
Good food and service.  Extensive menu, check it out........
Cheap beer and the best wings in town...golden hot!
Worst customer service- very high prices
I don't know of one cupcake place that doesnt have cupcakes on Sunday's, except this one.
Very good Eastern European food.  Good service.  The cabbage rolls were delicious.
This place is a hidden gem in the desert!  Great food, great service,  will continue to go back
Low price tag matches the low quality food. Very bad service, owner rude to customer.
Horrible. They caused 2500 dollars worth of damage and won't pay up.
They contact me relentlessly even though I have asked to be taken off their call list several times.
Hit or miss, the margarita pizza can be amazing, or really average.
I can't stand Ghazale.  Worst falafel ever. They microwave your falafel.
Good asian food selection, fresh fish, and desserts all for $15.  You really can't go wrong.
New Jersey inspired subs.
Super greasy. Sadly I prefer dominoes. Over priced in my opinion as well.
One of the only healthy options in market mall. Love the edamame broccoli tuna salad !
A real barber shop, a real haircut, wow.  I am a regular from here on out.  Excellent.
Clean, friendly, reasonably priced and they take their time. Had a pedicure, will definitely return!
Delicious. Generous. Fredh. One plate comes with main items, home fries,  fruit and coffee!
Super enetertaing and fun I loved every second of it the green jello shots were a nice touch
Shopping Saturday before Xmas, 4:20 pm and they won't seat us because the kitchen is closed.
Great place to satisfy teenager's craving for burgers and fries, the staff was nice also.
The hargow and chicken feet with the lobster fried rice was amazing. friendly and attentive service!
Deep fried twinkies only reason to come here. Hot dogs look good.
Not a good experience there. Too crowded. Not a relaxing experience at all.
I feel that the quality of food has gone down since the transition to Papa Chevo's.
Coconut milk, almond milk, soy milk oh my.  Finally!  Yippee for coconut milk for this Paleo nerd.
Egg tarts - 4 stars Coconut tarts - 4 stars Milk egg tarts - 4 stars BBQ pork buns - 3 stars
Saw my friend do his comedy show here. The staff are nice and the place is near a lot of shops.
Wow!! Quality made products everywhere and not all that cheesy crap. Loved this place.
The man, the myth, the legend. Don't waste your time with anyone else. That is all. Thank me later
I had the pleasure of Elan doing my nails, and she is soo talented! I love her!
This business ruined my oil pan.  They are incompetent and I would not recommend them.
Quick service great coffee. Having bran muffin looks yummy
Great service, great work, cares about workmanship.  Highly recommend
Cute little place! I would've loved to try the fondue it looked fun!
Good coffee. Very large shop with lots of seating. I had a veggie bagel sandwich that was very good.
Does NOT have dole whip!! YELP said they did. Ice cream was great, just wanted dole whip.
Used to love this place, year ago had really good happy hour, service and food. Not so much now
Food wasn't great, service poor, wait long, prices high, hostesses grumpy.  Great location.
Get to the lighthouse at the end and you'll get the best view of Toronto.
Great food, great service as always:).. sitting at Carside writing this review...  Thanks Bryan
Love their pizza. Consistently amazing! Great choice of fresh toppings. My first choice for pizza!
The guys at Purcells are a good team.iam very happy with there knowledge of tires and and services
Shawn was a great mattress expert. Thank you for helping us pick out our new mattress.
Great food, and great service. I love there teriyaki chicken sandwich, love the blend of flavors.
It was very pleasant. I received a lot of compliments and nobody thought they were temporary.
Lovely micro brewery, also had the fish & chips, very delicious.
Very Tasty. Good spices and super-friendly staff.  Good for a conversation or a larger group.
Not pleased with their ramen.   Pork is thinly sliced and nothing special to their ramen.
tried calamari & chicken & ramen it was gooood ;)
Had the sausage skillet was good but the toast came later and was butterd on one side
Was just here over the weekend for a late night snack. Food is yummy!
These burgers are so delicious. They're rather small but so yummie. Visiting from Cali
The tacos were delicious and the mango salad is a must have. Great atmosphere, lots of trap music.
Horrible customer service! Food may be good, but I won't be going back ever! Happy new year
Super yummy gelato!  The owner is French and makes all of his own macarons too!
Wings are very different, but very good. Good addition to the east 4th strip but very pricey.
The medical treatment was good.  But the service was awful.  Find another Banfield.
Hwaro is my favorite Korean Barbecue restaurant in Vegas. The wait is long but definitely worth it.
Went recently, and the sushi did not seem as fresh as I remember. I am not sure I would go back.
They pushed my hairline after specifically told the barber DO NOT push my hairline back.
Wild and tasty! Best Sweet Bread. Got to get the bacon wrapped rabbit.
Place was open today! So it gets an extra star!!!
Damn, that was some good-ass cheese!  Happy hour drinks & apps from 3-6.
2 stars because the servers are really nice. Things are old and gross, salty or stale.
Some of the best Ahi tuna I have had when visiting Vegas and it won't brake the bank.
For once someone did what they said they were going to do. No hidden fees. Great System as well.
Amazing food amazing staff. Some meat served raw so FYI.  Loved it. Good stuff. Go here.
One of the best chocolate experience! Vous devez vous arr tez   cet endroit!
This is my favorite Chinese food place in az. Simple great flavor sand best bang for your buck .
Good food.  Interesting beers on tap. Great atmosphere.  Only downside - very, very noisy.
best smoked meat sandwiches. been once and would love to go back soon!
The Lube!  gotta try the Lubeburger.
They respect allergies and gave us free dumplings. Also the curry was excellently spicy!
Best pizza in CU.  White pizza is excellent.   They do have odd closings at times.
Best Sushi Joint in Las Vegas! Five Star service, quality, and atmosphere. Will definitely be back.
It sucks that Therapy closed under such weird circumstances.  4 stars for the memories :-(
so delicious! i absolutely love this place!!!!!! i recommend their white rice with orange chicken!!!
Very nice ambiance..Food is excellent.  I would highly recommend the filet mignon salad...
It was ok. Monk fish saw better days .. Good wine selection .. Food lacked flavor ...
Fantastic food. The wait was reasonable and the staff was friendly. Highly recommended.
The Madison farmers market is one of the very best things about Madison.  I love and LOVE it.
Great place! A must try in Madison. As everyone says, the scones are awesome!
been here many times usually for late night snack. food is always tasty. lots of variety.
Amazing, fresh and inexpensive! First time here and I love it.
One of the cleaner Circle Ks in the Phoenix area. Service is pretty good and gas prices are decent.
The slogan is right. Ain't no chicken like Shrimp Boat chicken!! YUM.
RJ was a great help.  Quick screen repair, nice,  courteous and professional.  Thanks for the help!!
Love the atmosphere here, service is always good, food better than average.
Great food delivered in 35 minutes.  Thank you so much!
Fresh yummy brunch with a nice atmosphere the waiter was timely and the restaurant was clean
Great pizza and pasta! We love it. We practically eat there every week. Great customer service!
Solid and interesting shopping experience.  Good value.    Things speak to you there, it's true.
The service was decent.  Food was alright.. I don't think i'll be back though
Came here for lunch and had a burger, flat breads, tacos and more with my family. It was delish!
I loved the butter chicken! Really complex flavours--the right balance of spicy and sweet.
So amazing! The sauce, pasta, bread and everything is so delicious!
Pretty good sushi for a little spot. Always fresh and satisfying!
Good food, laid back atmosphere; nice spot to watch the Cavs. The burgers are really tasty.
Went there with my son. Had a blast. Food was decent but the service and ambience is wonderful.
Just seems like pretty overpriced average Thai food to me.
Nice little spot.  Soup and quiche were great.  Service was awesome!  Oh, and hopslam on tap.
Thank you Ryan and Adam for teaching us all about your Nursery and trees! You went above and beyond!
Flies everywhere. Food is absolutely nasty. Dirty unprofessional nasty
Smoking is allowed in this place. Wing sauce was very oily. Not going back.
If you get shrimp or lobster tail, they aren't cleaned. Every one comes with a free shit vein!
Great place for happy hour! Appetizers are ok!
Horrible food, horrible service!! Charged me double tip, refuse to refund. Never going there again.
Fantastic exibits beautifully displayed. I had a great afternoon here and would love to come back.
I just can't get enough of this place.  Can't wait to come back.
Great massage today from Sam. Absolutely relaxing, perfect pressure, and hit the right spots.
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. The Shrimp with Cheesy Grits was excellent.
Don't get it. The steak was great, the staff could have cared less about being there.
This place has kept me as a client, due to their wonderful staff. Thank you.
Quick and tasty lunch spot, but nothing out of the ordinary. A little overpriced for what you get.
Meh. Not worth a trip. Funny tasting water.  Not good
Ate there aug 8th good food great service from Ashley and Ashley
Super yummy!  Best soups ever.. Fast take out, great to dine in as well.  I found my new soup house.
Great service with a smile...and some of the best donuts I've tasted! No need to go anywhere else.
Very good food! Can be a bit difficult to communicate an order with the language barrier.
Great bakery.  The staff is knowledgable, the food is yummy and the service is great.
I love their cakes  The patio is great I love the pastries as well Good place for your sugar fix!
Amazing masseuses who are warm in character and friendly! They really try to accommodate your needs!
Great place, but constantly up sells washes!
Regular food but great seating and decorating ... And if the weather is good go for the patio :)
Checked in the one at dundas  and yonge cashier was horrible . Should be replaced in my opinion .
The decor is nice, but this place is overpriced for the serving size and quality of food.
Modern barber shop, perfect haircut. Visiting from out of town but will definitely be back
so pretty... :) lots of food, shopping and decor. oh, and rooms are nice too.
EAT AT THE BAR! Eat only apps. Drink the good drinks. Waited 2.5 hours for ok food.
Shrimp Crispy Rice CLAY POT is all I can say! Holy moly this was FABULOUS.
They open at 4:00pm on Sunday the info is wrong- went there at 3:00 and were prepping to open
Pittsburgh Restoration Hardware has the worst customer service ..stay away.
Good little community coffee place. Friendly staff. Close to home and always remembered.
Im here witn a nice guy named JOSE !! He is very kind and friendly !! Food is awesome!!
Great atmosphere, cool people and amazing food! Love the beef dip!
We have had Titan for 1.5 years. We love them. They respond quickly.
Veryy in style. Love it here. Lil pricey on the drinks. But first fridays ate alwyas poppping
I came here with a large group and we had amazing service! Great food too
Order a Ginger Tonic as a drink. With a coconut BLT. So good.
Great staff..great products...fun and affordable bath time = happy doggie.
Good place for gifts, I had stopped here when I arrived in Charlotte for my cousin's bday.
Great wings, always get the cajun crust. Mmm
Don't get the queso dip, it's terrible. Everything else was OK, but not as good as Cafe Rio
A nice tidy cafe that appeals to a variety of tastes for most times during the day.
Clean, big selection of apparel and gifts and the free arcade games are a huge plus!!
The beer and food deserve four stars. But the real draw to this place is there outdoor patio!
The service was a little slow but the chicken was delicious. We got the spicy sauce and soy garlic
I'm sorry to say, but Bike Den, at least in this location has closed down.
Wynn & Encore are similar but I LOVE the Encore more!
Ordered 2 breakfast raps it took 23 min to get my order and they were cold. Horrible service today.
Excellent place to dine at. Great food selection and reasonable prices. I feel I'm in the country.
Macaroons are great (almond) and nutella anything rocks! I am so glad this is close to my work!
Good drinks, good appetizers and nice dining and patio area. Get the wings (sweet/spicy) or nachos !
Top notch. And they clean fountains too. Eric is personable and works with you no matter what.
Good pizza, good service, good draft selection, decent prices... Nothing much more to say.
Highly recommend it the best place located in central Phoenix ,Glatt Kosher, cute & cozy
Great location and staff, average to below average rooms. I think it was clean?
Yum! The Dolls love the pretzels, tuna salad, and the cute waiters!!
Eh, its Starbucks... I mean long lines, expensive coffee and pre-made food. Not a fan.
Excellent service, and great food, but it is definitely not a place you go if you are on a budget.
Personally one of the best gyms I have ever been too. Great equipment and atmosphere. Awesome staff!
Super easy and cheap. Car was brand new. I would rent from them again.
Came from out of town looking for a Mexican restaurant. Great place if you like authentic. Loved it!
Food was decent, service was good. Desserts were excellent!
Best nail salon in Pittsburgh. Connie does the best stiletto nails. Truly a gem!
Loved the food, atmosphere & staff. I hope to come back again soon.
Disappointing.  I dare TOP CHEF Colicchio to try the grill cheese. I think plastic has more taste.
Gross! The food was like bad school cafeteria food. Have american grille come in and make the food!
Good food, good service
great sandwiches, great hummus and a great place for lunch at a reasonable price.
A must have is the Bombay Chicken.  A little disappointed with the Pakoras.
Adorable clothing and gift items. The store is bright and welcoming. The staff is fantastic
graet service, poor management (tips do not directly go to servers)
They don't return calls. I'm going to need tint and clear Bra. Recommended by Porsche. No thanks.
Consistent in quality all the other chatime locations~! Super convenient for all uoft students :D
Love the place! Super clean! Friendly! And we had the best massage ever! Def would come back!
Minus 1 star for not taking debit/credit cards  Tasty burgers, fun atmosphere, cold beer.  Yay!
Buffalo Chicken Pizza and the Chicken Bacon Ranch Pizza are awesome. Decent beer prices too.
Very good for take out and their ordering for delivery through the Yelp app is convenient.
Bacon, egg, and cheese on a garlic bagel toasted. That's all you need to know.
Their lattes are the best anywhere.  The turkey sandwich is great too.
Delicious! Restaurant  is a bit loud and they use a lot of mayo which I'm not a fan of
Love this place. Great (and inexpensive) craft beers, and a very cool izakaya-style menu.
Food is pretty average. Service is great, staff are nice. Quality is lacking in my view.
Absolutely the best ever! Will have to try all of the options thoroughly enjoyed the mutt dog.
Still 5 * Star Taste! Got Quarts of Egg Nog and Non Dairt Raspberry Sorbet. Family Loves them!
I recommend Haiku Tokyo! Great service! Friendly staff. Excellent food with lots of choices!
Pretty good Pollo a la Brasa.  Prices are good.  service is also great!
BJ's is close to home so I go frequently. Always friendly staff and I've never had a bad meal!
Did not enjoy living here.  A very badly designed residential complex.
The front desk was clearly having a tough day. There was no place to sit inside.
There's super cute seating upstairs and it's very spacious. The food is also very good
One of the BEST gun stores in Vegas, PERIOD!
Best fish I'd had since moving to Scottsdale. Totally recommend the citrus glazed salmon!
Best place to have a casual meeting and get work done! Staff is kind and food is amazing!
Service was good. Food was good. Drinks were delicious! I'll def. Be back.
Great coffee place, and their beans are roasted by one of the top 15 roasters in the world.
Gets busy and seats go super fast.  Excellent b-fast sammies on fantastic bagels!
B sta showen jag har upplevt! Tror inte ens ord kan beskriva upplevelsen! N got man inte f r missa
The best original glazed! Love sour cream  cake and pumpkin too. Good coffee and now espresso
Thai food is quick to cook...the technique takes longer to master!  Wouldn't recommend
Great food! Large selection of food in the buffet!
Not happy with flavors, helpings or price. Sorry they can't compare to their predecessor.
The installation of my springs went without a hitch. Very knowledgeable and customer friendly.
Big ass burger is no joke. Sometimes service is slowwwww.
Really good al pastor, make sure to add pineapple!  Try the tripa and suadero as well
Cozy, good service, good food kept warm in clay bowls or iron plates.
They never have my make up in stock. I always have to drive to a location farther away to get it.
A good place in the Southside to just have a drink with some friends.
Luv luv luv! Phat Thai is good!
Nice mom and pop shop with great authentic Korean. Would recommend!
I received a beautiful, delicious cake despite giving only a few days notice.  Thank you!
Best place for self wash dog love it, it's so clean they have all that you need for wash your dog
Best Service I found in the Las Vegas area, excellent customer service & great hair care
Fantastic fish and chips. Good portions and not greasy... Been a regular customer for years.
ANOTHER 10+ Cynthia, is awesome, food and service are worth a return visit...  Great job to all.
Awesome place for post work out meals! Great service and great food!
Chicken Pud Thai today, but it was nothing special. I thought i remembered it being better here.
I really enjoy the food, atmosphere, and service at Graze.  Always a solid choice in my book.
My son had a blast! Now we know where to take the kids on Spring or Summer break.
I love this place. The perfect lunch spot. Great bread. Great pastries.
Atmosphere is warm. Good value for money (lots of food) but quality of the ingredients is avarage.
Food was amazing!  Tasted just like homemade authentic Thai.  Was very impressed.
Very interesting, but very crowded on a Saturday afternoon. Kind of expensive for the experience.
Good coffee in a chill atmosphere. This was a great stop on our way to Phoenix.
Hands down! Best credit union/bank.. join you won't regret it. I will be a lifetime member!
2.5 stars. Someone said it well here - decent budget sushi. No rush to go back though...
Beer menu is nice Beware! Chicks behind the bar  Have bad attitudes.
Good food, had oysters then pan fried pickerel
This is such a fun place to come visit with friends! Kei was so sweet and her recommendations were
big ass burger is one of the best burger i have ever had!!! great atmosphere!!!!
Probably the most unbelievably amazing meal I've ever had. Seriously every item just perfect.
Stick to the drinks, I don't recommend eating there.  Expensive food that is not worth the money.
a bar with beer to go. thats money in my book.
Very cheap dog food and other essentials that are needed in my house. A great way to save money
My food was very good. The atmosphere is welcoming and modern. Had a nice time at dinner.
Good, ole school style & cool fellas. Good prices and they get to work quick. Check them out!!
Have never had a bad experience in the 2 plus years I've been going here. Great food at low prices.
We had our inspection done here. The guys here were very friendly and helpful.
Delicious!!! The food was so fresh and tasty! Best noodles!!! The servers were very friendly.
Best damn food ever and the margaritas! Went back for seconds! Guy Fieri loves the place even!
Good service, good broth. Everything is fresh and made to order. Glad to have a new go-to pho place.
Love the big red chandelier in entry, very cute ! The owner definitely takes pride in her business !
I love the wings at this place and the fresh cut fries.  I wish they were open 24/7 and on Sunday.
Designs are awesome. Thank you Lisa for your extra ordinary response :)
They have a good selection of games and the milkshakes are tasty too,very clean and plenty of space.
Excellent service and even better meats. Dave cuts a beautiful steak.
Food is average they make it fast two stars because staff is rude and food is just very mediocre
Very welcoming staff; you'll feel like a regular in no time.  Really solid food, nice brunch scene.
Giant Portions - Very good for the price  Good Service - the food takes some time though.
Better off at Bellagio
Foods taste bad , service are  Horrible , over charged . Never coming back here again
No complaints.  Simple but nice decor, great service. Steak was perfect.
We had a cake ordered for our daughter birthday and it was perfect!  Thank you, Brandi!
The firecracker roll is SO good.  The servers are also friendly.   Quick service and good food!!
Really good. Beer selection was great and the options for sausage / toppings is very unique.
Great selection. Friendly staff but WTH? Sizes 0's and 2's are gone! :(
I ordered the Steak Fajita Burrito. Tasty and cheap but Qdoba seems just a tad bit more fresh.
Just read the story about your GM. Next time I'm in AZ I'm definitely stopping by;)
Amazing recipes, friendly and educated staff, and organic ingredients! Delicious and good for you!
alwayscome for a late quick lunch alone and then everything is fast. Their fries are the best.
Great food and service. only 4stars cause of outside patio furniture was horrible and prices.
The chashu and egg were super tasty with delicious broth. The best ramen we've had in Arizona!
Polite staff!  Good manicure and awesome gel polish selection.  Definitely coming here again!
The food here is always fantastic, so pricy but what do you expect to pay for great quality seafood?
Tolles Hotel. Hat alles m gliche und unm gliche.
Always so great with my kids, they love going here.... and my husband gets the best haircuts.
Best steak in Madison.  Previous review is correct - please go, but please don't ruin the secret.
Love this place way better than any other place around town, I wish their prices were a bit cheaper.
Difficult to resolve billing issues and charges for services not rendered. Will never return.
Great sushi and a lot to choose from... The staff is quick to help you or serve your needs
I worked here I missed working for taco el gordo take me back in the food is good I loved it
Great service! They do what is promised. Prompt and  excellent communication. Will use again.
just another blah donut shop. nothing special. probably won't stop again.
This place is great, love the food, prices are reasonable. Huge menu with lots of options.
Very nice office. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Great experience!
The Wynn is truly spectacular. Their decor is amazing, and their staff is kind and helpful.
Heh. Ok if you;re in need for late night eats... overall, not impressive.
Great food, lovely tea and good service! Planning on going again soon!
All I have to say is, THE BILAL CONCERT WAS AWESOME . ( I just lost my voice)
good cake...good service...cant go wrong!! bought my wedding cake here...and it was a big hit!
Amazing food and service. Ryan was an excellent server. Thank you Ryan for a great experience!
Fantastic lunch at a great price.
Food is tasty, Burger is awesome looking at the menu makes you plan for what your going to try next
Great Steeler bar with good food!
Excellent beer and friendly service. Best burgers in Madison. I'll definitely be back.
We were there for a big party, so the wait staff was overwhelmed.
Food awesome!  Service even better!  Love this place.  Always a good time.
Awesome service, and you get a lot of food for what it costs, make sure you are hungry!
Love archies! Service was quick, food was delish and their Thai tea is out of this world.
For $5.99, you can't get any better. I used to eat this almost daily and I almost died.
The worst place for dog's grooming, hurt my dog's leg, neck twice. Never go Petsmart again.
The sandwiches are absolutely fantastic...but the elevator crowd can get a little rough sometimes.
great food, great staff
Brian is very pleasant and responsive to all our issues.  Goes above an beyond.  Highly recommend
An Amazing LEGIT west side coffee shop! Chemex, V60,Lattes. Great Pastries! I love the atmosphere.
Food sucks, horrible service, won't ever eat here again, took almost two hours to get food!!!
My new number one breakfast spot , chicken omelette amazing! By far best breakfast in Arrowhead
Pretty good. The service was quick and the food was delicious. The cheese kurds were very flavorful!
Good food and beer.  Service was friendly and timely.  Get the bbq ribs... delicious!
This was the best restaurant that I have been to..u must try..the small bites are so so amazing
Amazing, totally worth all the hype and the $. Happiest food coma ever, take me back there!!!
Had the Chimichurri burger. Got a lot more bread than burger. Not worth the $12 price tag.
Good addition to Fremont Street. Really enjoyed the variety of beers and excellent service.
This place was terrific. The service was great. The food fabulous. Can't wait to go back!
Drinks and food were great. Ask for Danielle, she was a great server and manager was awesome.
Always busy but very friendly & never gotten my drink wrong!  Keep up the good work!!
Don't get me started on the wings, AMAZING!! Good times, good music. Nice little hole in the wall
Suprisingly nice for a Registry, and very helpful staff!
Went to lunch with coworkers and ordered turkey pastrami on pretzel roll. Pretty tasty.
They do take credit cards now, and yes there is dining in. Try the Sicilian pie, it's awesome.
Brian is great!  I refer my criminal matters to him.
Best ramyun in Toronto personally Noodles are chewy big pieces of meat!! I come here all the time
cops give it a 5, prof ore a 1. i give it a 3 becuz its fun to bike thru only after 8pm
Like having a backyard-grilled burger. It's good but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
Sara is an amazing server. the food is always great, Thursday is half price wine bottles!
Great afterhours on Tuesday nights. Good for getting away from the strip a little.
Great price quote, on time, efficient and great quality work
Chix on Broadway is one of my favs! But there isn't anything that I've tried that I haven't liked.
The absolute worst!!! Never coming back!! Only good thing about this place is the music.
Not enough healthy selections, over priced, the one star is for the staff, the staff is nice.
Joseph was great while assisting me with my purchase of my Ford Fusion, great service!
Portions are huge and taste is amazing. Definitely a plus, plus. Price wasn't bad either.
Kids had a blast. Glow in the dark mini golf made their day. We will Definitely be back!!
Awesome homemade baked goods! Friendly family based business. The muffins are great, Try it out!
Very nice place, really tasty food! Great place for a date night with your significant other
I've always loved the food but now they have football and beer. We need to support local businesses.
My new go to sushi place. The blue fin tuna was delicious! The miso soup also tasted authentic
Disappointed with the food. Large portion sizes. Used just eat for delivery which was fine.
Although the hostess was very friendly, the wait staff was awful.  The food was bland and tasteless.
The BEST nail salon! I love Kevin and Linn!! Very meticulous with their work and super friendly.
Smoked prime rib, always prepared medium rare, quite good.  Beet salad was yummy.  Nice environment,
Worst crust I've ever had.  Strange place.
This place is meat insanity. The best brisket in town, the ribs should be on BBQ Pitmasters!
Amazing service and food! Delicious French Toast! !! I'm making this a must whenever I'm in Vegas.
If Dylan Thomas was alive and living in Charlotte, this is where he would drink.
Best sushi I've had in Toronto. Fantastic prices. No BS menu, just the good stuff.
Awesome Aloha Roll and Kung Pao Chicken. Great Sake list too.
Friendly and fast service. Foods r good and cheep.
Chicken Fajita Burrito: Double Ding  My go to for a quick and cheap eat.  -The Arp Darp King
Great Tacos! Reasonable prices. And the margaritas are on point too!
Good taste dessert and best view for the strip.
Grinders are good. Cinnamon sticks are delicious!
Ball hockey is way overpriced. Lots of hot moms here...with their kids, unfortunately.
They have gluten free buns and potato buns. Vegetarian options chicken beef. So tasty.
This place is fantastic, drinks are great, employees are friendly. My favorite tea spot in town!
Tamra is amazing... great pizza and a wonderful atmosphere... Half price wine on Sundays...
I've been going there for 8+ years now.  It's not what my mom makes, but it pretty good!
Best combination thai massage I ever had! Clean and professional. Appointment is recommended.
Stephanie the bartender makes a damn tasty Moscow Mule. Delicious wings and gravy fries! Good stuff!
Absolutely darling! Delicious little pastries and breakfast items. A fun place to take visitors!
Great experience so far. Everyone is very helpful and encouraging. My daughter loves her new class!
Incredible food, great, relaxed environment!  Friendly and fast service!  Can't wait to visit again
Recently added some nice black tables for desk working on laptops or tablets. Very handy.
Food is awesome!!! Would prefer somewhat quieter environment but the food is definitely worth it...
Great burger and NY fries? What else for a hangover....yummmy
Incredible food. Must stop casual breakfast worth the drive or u we ride from the casinos.
Delicious !!!!!! We had orange chicken and vegetables lo mein. Yummy and I will be back.
I received the same spam email !!!! I will not open the attachment.
Gabi and her team are the best in the fitness business! Amazing results and great atmosphere!
Best Thai tea great food good prices excellent service little (the owner) is the best.
1 of the best taco places on the strip.I wouldn't go to a casino to get authentic Mexican tacos.
Very pricey. Lots of fun. But the food was okay not bad. But its Vegas so who cares.
Great.  Used a Groupon here and they did a nice job on my highlights and took care of my hair.
Very friendly, authentic food. Extra spicy option available. Great for take-out.
Terrible company... customer satisfaction is complete BS. Run the other way!
Mike you are the best  !!!!!!!!!!!!!  We are very happy with everything..  Sherry ,Larry Proctor
Nice people, nice atmosphere and great drinks. Wish we had this kind of bar in Seattle.
Very well designed sushi.  customer service was great and food was spectacular.
Best shrimp tacos and atmosphere. Our favorite place for out of town guests and date night.
i think it's worth it as long as you hit the buffet at least 3 times..
Food was okay, just very small portions. Service was pretty slow, all around not that impressed.
Food was great! The quality is far superior than a few of the ones across the valley!
They carry seaweed salad now in the refrigerated section closest to the freezer section. Soooo good!
A friend gave us this hot tip....best bagels! Not so big inside but great for small table or to go!
Fav place! Try their KFC and kimchi and meats. 17 dollars for lunch and 20 for dinner
They told us it was a 40 minute wait, we were seated in 15 minutes. Food was exceptionally good.
Nice little spot. Love the environment and staff was very friendly. I will make my way back!
One of the best places for shrimp wonton soup with noodles.. And it's cheap and great food..
Amazing Community and office team! Jessica, Jenna & Dorothy were all super friendly and helpful!
Always good food and service. They now serve. Sunday brunch and I heard its wonderful.
Delicious crepes and wonderful service. Great bakery also. Ate here twice on our vacation.
The redneck coolers were only $5 during happy hours!  They hit the spot on a hot summer day!
Great burrito & salads.  Small neighbor gem! This place makes food from scratch.  Awesome!!
Best authentic Chinese food in town.  Have to try their Fried Pork and spicy hot pot.
Great lobster and salad, the owner was very friendly, overall, a very nice experience!
First time visitor and we will return! Good service, great selection of food for reasonable prices
Boring menu average food
Atmosphere is casual with a laid back vibe and great music. Take your friends for a good time!
We just bought a sectional couch from Nolin. He was extremely helpful without being over-bearing.
They close at 2 am not 4am was pussed drove all the way there for nothing! Update correct hrs!
Great food. Very hipster like place. The staff were incredibly nice. Will definitely come back.
My first cirque du soleil! It's freaking awesome! Love everything about the performance!
Best pizza in the south hills hands down... Great service and friendly employees also.
Very good food and stuffs Italian panini sandwiches,salads and pizza are great
Grass jelly roasted milk tea with tapioca half sweet!
really good cocktails (Cheap during 5 a 7), excellent service.
Yes! Omar and his assistant did an outstanding job for us.
Went in for the $11.95 steak and lobster and it was really busy but it was good.
Simply the worst Bahn mi I've ever had.  Wrong bun, no chili, tiny and 8 bucks.  barf
Great ambiance, the food was fresh and delicious and the Sonoran Old Fashioned was top notch!
Customer service is poor at best.
Always fresh products, nice atmosphere and friendly employees. Highly recommend Sushi Wednesdays.
My salmon teriyaki low carb was terrible. Vegetables had no sauce and salmon was way over cooked
It is just cross street of Deli Schwartz. We love their smoke meat sandwich, really delicious!
Super comme toujours. Chez Keg tout est bon de l'entr e au dessert. Et le choix de vin est excellent
Love eating at The Cafe.  Great food and high quality items!
Primanti Bros. wins hands down. Great sandwiches, ice cold beer, great service. What's not to like?
Im a true blue lulu :-) super friendly staff.. awesome storefront.. and of course, lulus rocks..
Seafood lover paradise....prepare to be messy but it's all good
Love my girl Gina she's a perfectionist and can do any designs. Very nice and relaxing atmosphere.
beer is delicious! staff is freakin' awesome! a must stop for any occasion!
I get  groceries and prepared foods here, no problem, and there's lots of parking.
There's a reason my acronym for this place is "Food Shitty" lol
The best burgers! The macaroni and cheese is really good.  Also the house made chips are excellent!
A wonderful small restaurant with great food and good service.  I've enjoyed multiple menu items.
Pork Had so Much meat. Food Was excellent  And there are a handful of outdoor seats.
Great local spot! I love their coffee and breakfast! Friendly staff. I will continue to come back!
A fun little book store with a pleasant staff.
Always busy, but excellent work. They just got all new pedicure chairs that are awesome.
Fantastic happy hour with a HUGE beer selection, amazing pizza, great salads and a fun atmosphere.
Machaca was very good. A bit heavy on the potato content, could've used more egg.
The service was great but the food wasn't that good. Nothing special! Just OK!
Cold beers n great ambiance.  The fish tacos ARE THE BEST IN AZ !!!!
Had the breakfast bagel. Very fresh and tasty.
Late night last resort, nothing more.  Threw away 80% of our $30 purchase.  Just awful.
Long lines and very yummy ice cream. They also have free stickers and buttons for the true fans.
A total favorite of mine.  Oysters are on special Mondays, Crab legs $Thursday 36....3pds.
Great food, Great atmosphere, what else can I say? Even my buddie Hao agrees
Went to get my wife a sub and this place rocks. They are quick and they are way better then subway.
Radio Shack is closed. Turning into Sprint store at end of June 2017.
Absolutely love this place!! Reminds me of South Korea. Great food and atmosphere! Love the service.
Fat T, you gave me a $7 buzz at my arrival before noon. You are the breakfast of champions.
Friendly staff. The grilled shrimp tacos were good. Fun interior. Definately going again.
Great view, great bloody Mary. The brunch and dinner has both been Delish! Will definitely be back!
It was awesome  i really enjoyed their roll n fried chicken and salad :)  I love japanese food !!!!!
Been twice both times were just okay!! This place has so much potential to be great!!
Phone in order, Nobody told me or offered any special . Bunch of young people who don't care.
Amazing halibut dinner with smashed potatoes followed with the best banana cream pie I've ever had!
This place is always slammed and crazy! People drive like idiots in this parking lot so be careful.
This is our place!  They just started all you can eat sushi, too!  Order the volcano roll!
Excellent Tacos al Pastor!  Good burgers, Good service, Good local sports bar. Highly recommended!
This dottys has better customer service with better bartenders with repect.
Terrible service. The lady who manages (I believe) the store is absolutely rude. Will not return.
Decent dive bar. 2 dollar domestic pints, and Happy Hour too from 4.30 to 7 (I think).
What can I say? Like the rest of joes restaurants, this place is great! Keep them coming Joe!
Best pizza around. Friendly staff. Fast service.
Pretty awesome place. Great pools and kid friendly.
Best burger around. This is like grilling at home but without the work! Try the torpedo!
Fun atmosphere. Good staff and great food. Try the buffalo shrimp wrap! Delicious!
For delivery this place is great. The chicken Parma pizza is awesome.
Maybe I ordered the wrong bowl, the broth tasted like it came from a box. Place was clean.
Lovely place I suggest you go check it out if your nearby and want a coffee
OMG!!!! Did your sandwhiches just get bigger guys? Holy cow! yumm!!!! Tamara
Such a cute and delicious place! Perfect for date night! Great drink list and the food was amazing.
Love this place, best chicken and waffles!! The staff is always kind and the food never disappoints.
Small Cafe with limited seating and selection. For was good but nothing special. Decent portions.
Really delicious noodles.  I ordered the beef soup with knive shaved noodles...amazing.
My favorite brunch spot in the city ^-^ they have bagels to die for!
Golden medium wings are amazing
Service as you'd expect for a mass in mass out type establishment.  Food was bland and unexciting.
Great food, really friendly staff. Super cute place. The blackened shrimp tacos were delicious
Great sushi bar and atmosphere.. Recommend the Sea Bass..
Best homemade Ice cream in this area. They have many different flavors. Highly recommended.
Talk about irony. The bland food and boring atmosphere will surely lull you to sleep.
Really delicious food and great atmosphere. Don't leave without getting a milkshake for dessert!
Wonderful place to eat. Not for large parties. Favorite is the Chicken Enchiladas. Service is AAA
Solid pub food. Beef dip was pretty good. Decent patio area to hang out as well........
I thought this place was slightly below average of what I would expect of a Mongolian BBQ.
Fast and efficient delivery and set up and take down of the dancefloor!
Absolutely amazing food. Please go and support.  The food is great and the service is great
Amazing chicken and great customer service. Did i mention how much i love the guac? Its pretty A1
So completely average... This place wouldn't get noticed in NYC. Its a decent affordable option
Had a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich coupon, tried the famous star.  It was freaking delicious.
Awesome place great staff great food great neighbourhood.  Would recommend this place!
Sweet and Sassy Shrimp is amazing. Cmon in for the specials you won't be disappointed
I have to say their customer service is fantastic and their prices are right.  keep it up
Ordered takeout. The cannelloni and sherry beets. DELICIOUS!!!  Loved it. Will definitely be back.
Shot of the month: Gingerbread yum yum  Freaking tasty without being overly gingerbread-y
Super impressed with the sweet and sour chicken! Will definitely come back! :)
... tout ce que je peux dire c'est que je ne me fierai plus aux  toiles sur Yelp lol !
My favourite city escape! Clean, calm and very professional staff!
Really good fries. Their sausages are good and they have a wide variety but nothing amazing.
My all time fav Burgers joint & love the souvlaki on a bun & home-fries!!!
Love this place.  Great drinks- yes on the expensive side but it's Vegas, fresh, and no sugar added.
Distraction if you're trying to gamble but awesome if you're just chilling and having fun~
Best tacos in the US! The only ones that I know that beat this for the price were in Guadalajara.
over priced,and not worth waiting for if there is a long line.  very noisy and somewhat slow
Had a wonderful experience. I would highly recommend it. Friendly and accommodating service
Thank you for your help last night getting all set up !! Very professional & courteous !- michael
Burgers are awesome and the curly fries always are perfect! Service is great even for a busy lunch
Awesome place!  Never had a dish I did not like.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Cost is ok.
Lackluster pizza at best...this is not a New York crust.  The wings were pretty good though.
Just great solid food and atmosphere with premium beers/spirits. Dont forget the hummus!
Fast service, the food was delicious, and restaurant was clean, and plenty of parking.
These guys are great,  perfectly placed my safe.  I highly recommended them.
Like all family owned bakeries, this place is a little expensive and very delicious.
First time here and overall everything was great! Space is small so wait time could be long.
Avoid this Starbucks location, managers and staff are rude and atmosphere is very negative
First time here. It's was great the spicy garlic noodles were amazing! Will for sure be back soon!
my "place to go" if I am craving panang curry.  The best in the east valley
Food was fantastic! The Chenin Blanc is a must have, so is our server Sean! 2 thumbs up
Yummy food with great views! Krystal was awesome and helpful!
Awesome place!! Very friendly people. You will love these hot dogs hit the spot.
Try the African Peanut Soup, it haunts my dreams.  The chili is decent but nothing special.
Loved their pork bits and plantains! Great customer service with an enthusiastic atmosphere!!
Had an awesome experience with Jask. Great tattoo artist. He is highly recommended....
Maria was the best nurse, she took great care of me and was very professional. I will be back!
Hands down best BBQ in Vegas! Prices are a tad high but the portions make up for it...
Wash down your brisket burger with world class brews. What else ya want?? This is America after all
Great food as always...waitress a little abrupt. Pizza is amazing! Definitely worth a return trip.
Missing Hawaii when that happens I come here great place friendly and fast service great food!
20% off at happy hr! 11pm-8am. Love 24 hr Korean food! Esp at this time and excellent service
This place is amazing! They have a good range of flavors and the customer service was outstanding!!!
The scones are AMAZING.  Some dishes can be a little on the salty side, but overall its tasty.
Tadas Bites for $2. I wish I could do happy hour here. Go to Sushi place off the strip!
This place is really affordable and really good Mexican food!
Oh jimmy johns...how I love thee. Let me count the ways...
Bought our corgi here,they have really nice puppies here with good price.come and check it out.
I've been going to Ellen for years.  She gives amazing facials and is very efficient at waxing.
Dillion was great he got right on to get my car taken care of and he was fast. Very friendly.
Five year full warranty on batteries and lifetime on other parts!  Friendly staff too!  :)
Horrible management. Asst manager needs a customer service class. Feces on our tub! Gross!
Kids eat free today, considering i have several nieces and nephews im a fan!
Ask for Jackie! You'll laugh....eat tacos....and walk away with a great deal on a vehicle!
We had been to Blue Diamond location. We are just as pleased with this location. Super delicious !
Very nice place! The inside of this salon is well decorated & the staff are very kind.
Bread was tough . Not much flavor . Not worth the money fries where greasy and only barely warm
Sean Jones the GM has gone out of his way to keep me happy.  He's a real pleasure to work with!
 
We absolutely love this place!  The food is fantastic and the treat us like family
Been eating here since they've opened. Best hot & sour soup in town.IMO.
Poor job. Not a good car wash. Did they even use a vacuum????? I will not be going back
Great service, gorgeous room/ambiance with the live singer and the duck is a must! Highly recommend.
Sympathique petite boulangerie! Le pain et les viennoiseries sont bons et les prix sont doux.
Friendly and attentive service. Fast and convenient. If you sit outside, watch out for those birds!
I've been coming here for years. The food and the service are excellent. The soup is a must have.
The restaurant is a lot  like Houston's for less money. Try the rattlesnake pasta.
Great wine bar! I personally go here for the cocktails! They have live music every Saturday.
Nothing fancy here. Just good food and great service in a clean comfortable place.
If you're looking for Tara she went to a new salon called Curl Up N Dye on Sahara and Rainbow!
This is the best store in the world it has a museum,arcade,cafe,and an aquarium it is so cool!
Love this place, 6.99 for a large carry out pizza, can't go wrong, they're very nice too
Went back for the mani/pedi massage and was generally pleased. That is all!
Super salty mashed potatoes were horrible. Roast beef was sandwich type meat. Very disappointing.
Good sushi in the Southpark area. Inconsistent service keeps this from being 4-star.
Where to start..... Food just isn't very good. Price is high for what you get. Average at best
Great Mall and loved the hot air balloon glow that is an annual event.
Love White Dove Thrift! Best thrift shop in metro Phoenix!
Ali is great!  Very nice and informative and I love the results!  I had PhotoFractional.
We love the story time for toddlers on Thursday mornings. The staff @ this library are great!!
This place is off the hook! My other favorite seafood place to get some good cajun food!
Friendly staff, great coffee, relaxed vibe.  Vegan/vegetarian friendly. Cool art on the walls.
3 tacos + a bean soup = my favourite lunch in the city. Get the carnitas. You won't regret it.
They got perfect beef steak for bbq! If I come to Las Vegas it means I will be here.    
Good sandwiches here. We had the Rueben and the ultimate and both were hot and delicious.
Really good food, huge portions,  reasonable prices. I highly recommend you c ok me to this place
I just want to say one of your waitress is deaf!!!! She never speaks or answer to anyone.
Great service, fun owner, fab food. You really have to try it!
Used to love this place until I found a crispy little roach in my chicken bowl.
Thank you Tina for doing my names.... love the look!   XXxoooo
Clean beds & friendly employees. I prefer the location on Greenway.
Food fairly basic. Run of the mill Italian.  Came out quick. Our server Cody was very friendly guy.
Expensive, long wait & just ok food.
Is this place still in business? Called all week no answer, went to location and it was closed?
Love so many of their pieces great prices also and good customer service. Will be back
Excellent place to get a taste of the Cuban food!!!
This place is amazing. Food is next level and so is the service. Rob was awesome. That is all
Great pizza cozy  place food is awsome good lunch specials one of the best in gastonia
Horrible service! Crappy food! We waited 45 min at our table before we even got any type of food.
My boyfriend reeeeally enjoyed the fried chicken wings...other than that, this place was alright.
Another winner from Cirque du Solel.  $$$$ and worth every penny!
Great group of artists....friendly and helpful! Phil is "my guy", but they are all awesome!
Delicious and rich frozen custard..great service. Love the old fashioned setting and tunes!
It's Great food but a little bit expensive but it worst it I love it and every one that I send there
Foods usually good, service still sucks.  Painfully slow.  Don't get the beef brisket.  Over priced.
Awesome customer service and lowest prices I've seen for rentals! Would reccomend!
Fabulous food, drinks and atmosphere in spite of the sky-high prices.
Have leaks under my tub! Do not use them! They will not return my calls! The worst service!
Great service, great food, decent size portions. Free chips and salsa. Love this place.
Thanks for the burrito de vomit No pico Second time and last I waste my money here...
Brought peaking duck it was pretty decent, for the price. Service is quick but rude.
Cool ambience! Deviled eggs and flatbreads are tasty, along with the strawberry trifle dessert.
Absolutely the worst. Go to Wendy's grab a baked potatoe and a whole chicken from sobeys.
1949 W Ray Rd Chandler, AZ 85224 is CLOSED.    2075 N Dobson Road Chandler, AZ 85224 is still OPEN.
Typical grocery store. Not much to review. Prices are good. Location is good. Covered parking
They do not have RMTs  And the yonge location is extremely rude and not accommodating at all.
Best breakfast spot! The flash fried potatoes are to die for. Good vibes here , love the fun music!
Best soul food..... Ever. Great ppl too. Gizzards and everything else on the menu is amazing.
Decent food. Mango lassi is very good. But the biryani here is not the biryani you expect.
Quick serving! Ordered Dolsot bibimbap and small assorted tempura and it really tastes great..
Never again.  The place is dirty , the service is shoddy and the products appears to be 2nd rate.
Excellent food and presentation. Used yelp rating to go to this place, was not disappointed.
I love it there!! Great customer service and work!! Must ask for Lisa- she's the best!
Horrible service. Slow and not friendly. Smallest calzone I've ever bought, suck a waste of money!
Anyone the know the song they play near the Caesars palace sign. Has a nice beat. No words.
Amazing food my friends Jim and Carol know the owner and the food is authentic Hawaiian
Espresso was incredibly sour. Quiche was still cold in the middle. Staff was very friendly.
The academics are so-so.  The administration is a mess.  Students are held in low regard.
Insanely good. Dont leave wo the lettuce wraps. Amazing food, personal service, incredible prices!
Awesome country club! We've been members since 1986 and the people and staff there are just great!
Terrible terrible terrible!! Dirty place with hot beer and bad food! Stay away, far away!!!
Fantastic gelato!  Had a smoothie, and nearly died it was so good.
Unfortunate that yelp even makes you give a one star. Save your time and burn 12 dollars instead.
Great place! Tony was excellent. Jersey connection from Toms River. They even had cannoli martini's.
love it here. great food. best mole around!  always great service too!
Excellent food! Very authentic taste along with a great presentation. Homemade guacamole.
Great service and Great food! Fajitas are a plus!
Food is pretty good ..It was reasonably priced.  Can't beat watching 10 sports screens at once!
Fast + delicious and good price. Their tea could be better.
They have  a menu me and my  family can all enjoy. The Beers on tap were an above average selection.
Love this place we go weekly!!!! The head chef is extremely friendly and always welcomes us
My new favorite place for tacos and it's right in my neighborhood.  Best mexican food in town!
Bad location, been here 3 times in a month and they always are "missing" some ingredient
Not very helpful personnel. Will go elsewhere. Prices are inflated. Used to be a decent store.
Bartenders Eric & Eric are great! Excellent food, service and drinks. Great job!
A very lousy subway. Charging $7 for the listed $5 sandwich. Wouldn't honor the listed price.
I love their Steak Sandwich.
Menu is unique, to say the least. Their hush puppies are TO DIE FOR! And cocktails are fab!
Went here to purchase bridesmaids dress great customer service i would recommend this place !!!!
Very happy the authentic menu us now on the web site!
Incredible. If I could give this place a zero starred review, I would. Will not ever return.
Best wings of anywhere.  They have kool aid. Tuesday they have $.75 wings. Protip: extra crispy.
Excellent service, reasonable price, fast response, professional work!! Highly recommend.
Rabbit tacos.  BOMB!
Coffee tastes better here than any location parking sucked 3 spots. Need a drive through
Great selection of Burgers, drinks and shakes, floats, etc. I highly recommend.
Food isn't bad but they are INCREDIBLY slow and inefficient. Last time I ever come here.
Vinny gave me excellent customer service. I recommend phoenix furniture outlet to everyone.
Too bad, but the place is closed.  Now some generic shawarma shop has taken up residence.
Great prices on groceries, deli. Only game in town for car tires and batteries.
Really eclectic drink menu. Food was delicious. Vibe was very chill. Bartenders were great!
Excellent atmosphere! Large space but intimate! Perfect spot for studying/good conversation!
We love this place!! The staff is great and the sushi is delicious!! Mango Sushi is my favorite!
Have these guys on speed dial. Their General Tso's Chicken combo is my favorite!
The wings are off the handle, especially grilled!  We love this place!
Just got my food and half of my order is missing. Gotta love it. Never ordering from here again.
Absolutely delicious! One of the best meals I've had in a loong time! Service was great!
Very nice mall. Great store selections and very clean. Great staff and this place is huge!!!
Very nice people, and prices aren't horrible for new OEM parts, but expect to wait quite a while!
mediocre, I believe the tase at five star bbq Korean restaurant (two blocks away) is better.
Huge portions, great up beat service in a fun cafe at the new hotel SLS.
Very cozy restaurant. Nice service, but make sure you tip. Try wellington rolls!
The best salon in Pittsburgh!
Love this place, great food and great addition to Gilbert.
The food is very delicious and the service is great. Nice bright and clean in the restaurant.
Had billing issues. Never been told exact fee upfront. Felt push to buy inhouse after eye checkup.
Good memories  Want to try it again but haven't had the opportunity to go to Toronto in a while
Food was on point!!! Found my new fave Vietnamese  food with the best egg rolls ever!!!
Loved the pizza gus' s ny pizza next time in Az stop the too much sauce they too lit!!!!!
It's family-owned, & their protein pancakes rule!!! ...just wish they kept record of calorie count.
Enjoy the Family atmosphere and the old time charm. Jamie our waitress is excellent in her job
This place has a very simple menu but it is fresh, authentic and DELICIOUS!! Try the tacos.
This place is the place you want to be. Lights. Coors. Smells. It's got what you want.
Delicious food and great service. I love their chicken shawarma with brown rice.
My favorite sushi place whenever I visit home. The whole family drops everything to come here.
Food was amazing I loved the chilaquiles and I really recommend the Posole whoever makes
First time didn't disappoint the wingz were delicious! Small lil bar with lots of big windows
Good for the Mafia ice cream festive place to gather around and re live the 1930s
The price is fair and the service is good too I would recommand to my friends 
So delicious!  Even my non-vegan husband enjoyed his veggie burger lunch!
Stromboli was pretty good, wings ok. Mediocre prices.
Love this place vey clean organized and well stocked will be bck have to try my products
This place is great! Always friendly service and they have good facebook deals too!
Tasty authentic Scandinavian food.  Prepared and served by friendly authentic Scandinavians.
Amazing place. pizza and torta and other stuff was so yummy. Coming back for sure. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
carries the freshest food. the food carts are incredible.
Got delivery to my hotel and food was hot and very tasty.  I recommend the meatball sub!
This is our favorite Chinese restaurant at the moment. Great food, nice staff and fast delivery!
Loved it. Very nice selection and polite staff. Will def go back.
Not a big fan. Chipotle and Baja fresh are a lot better.
great food  one of the best in PGH
These have got to be the best donuts I have ever had!!! Will visit next time we are in town!!!
Great vet, takes great care of my pups!
The best!  Friendly, tasty and great atmosphere!  We come here all the time
Coffee is great. Vegan apple fritters are stellar!!
Amazing escargot, great wine, and try their cheese fondue.
Great bagel sandwiches and pretty fair prices also.
My favorite Thai restaurant. Highly recommend the pad Thai, spicy fried rice, and the green curry.
Outstanding new concept Thai rolled ice cream yummy. One heck of a preparation and presentation
the food is inventive and delicious. the place can get busy and loud. service is fast and attentive.
Everything was amazing. Such a cozy spot!  Huge TASTY portions and the friendliest waitress.
Amazing food just wish delivery was a little quicker but its def worth the wait.
Meh, wasn't anything special. Friendly staff but boring food. Won't bother going back.
good place to buy las vegas souvenirs for a much afforable price. a must stop when in las vegas!
Kayla was awesome! I Def recommend contacting her for guest list entry next time anyone is in Vegas
This place is wonderful. They are accommodating and kind.  Love the mani pedi.
Best place for bubble tea! I like how they have real fruit rather than chat time.
Clam chowder is amazing. The best I've ever had.  Service needs to step up a bit....
Best tacos in Las Vegas.   Los mejores taco en Las Vegas.
Good food and a fun atmosphere.  The kids love sundays because they have a balloon maker.
Good food, good value.  Never a bad experience when we go.  Try the chicken wings.
Two oil changes performed by Steven. Arrived right on time and promptly set to work. Great job!
Went here for lunch. The sea food stall had some really amazing dishes.
Very good food and drinks, servings are entirely too big but still it's a great dining experience
Great spot for food and drink. Bartender Bethany is GREAT!!!! We go at least 3 times a month.
Great tacos. Had the surf and turf it was amazing Very filling could probably feed 4 to 5 people
Better than your average buffet in town.  Excellent service and for a buffet, pretty good!!
Excellent sandwiches and friendly employees.  Very clean with quality ingredients.
love the smash fries with extra smash (garlic and rosemary)!! Burgers are delish :)
Best Greek & Mediterranean food in Phoenix that I have found yet!
This place sells garbage!!!
Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon after walking around.  Very peaceful and beautiful.
This place sucks.   No bathroom, won't take credit cards on overpriced gas total crap
Always fast and good food. One of our favorite Chinese restaurants
Great food, lots of excellent choices on a wide spectrum menu.  Nice central Phoenix location too!
Favorite place to get a donut at. Sugar twist and cookies and cream donut the best. Worth the drive.
love it!!!!!! kona coffee or choc mac or mint chip or strawberry or..... hell all the flavors rock!
The boba drinks here are great! Very clean inside and quick service! They also have a stamp card!
They're fantastic! My nails lasted a month! They're friendly and great quality service!
Un classique qui existe depuis 1912. Hot dog, burgers, frites, etc... pour pas cher!
They put frozen cheap pies in with the holiday meals. Poeple???? this store is ripping you off
Loved the food! Jasmine tea, spring rolls. Please clean out the dining area and bathrooms.
Have never had a bad meal here.  We signed up for their e club and only go when we have a coupon.
Great place for breakfast and to watch a Michigan football victory!
Love this place, been going there for over 5 years. Hard to find a quality nail salon.
Food and drinks are great. The servers are so nice, ask for Andre! Definitely recommend coming here
Great concept and really good food. Had the duck dish it was delightful.
Four women came and they did an awesome job!  They erased all of the evidence that I have cats!
Good Carolina style Hot Dog. Great Hamburger and pretty good banana pudding.
Had a really great time very good groupon deal.cant wait til it goes on sale again
Great food, small portions, bad service.
These dudes vacuumed my car for free! Customer service is not dead! Thanks Tom's Thumb.
Great food and great service!  Enjoy this neighborhood restaurant.  Thanks!
Pizza was good, service was terrible. Still looking for best Italian Pizza in the city.
Rachele is amazing. She always does a great job on my hair and makes sure I love it.
took my family there last weekend for breakfast. it was amazing. a little pricey but very good.
Great chips, but, way too salty. I'm drunk right now and they are way too salty.
Went here to get jewelry resized. Was in and out quick. No major issues. Clean and friendly staff.
Great food, good price, nice people. Got general Tsp chicken was great super polite people.
Great location for a business meal. I like the fact that they have good steaks and sushi :-)
Good breakfast. A lake view at diner prices. Great service. A great neighborhood find.
grt place  , especially friday nights r awesome...the people and the environment is awesome..
Tuesday 2 for 1 20-40 $ depending on girl etc Overall pretty good Couch and bed dances  Kk
Our favorite Sunday lunch place.  Great place for watching sports and the food never disappoints!
Food doesn't taste fresh on any level. Looks nice one the inside, but the quality is not good
I ordered the pork ramen combo with Age Gyoza. Everything is just ok, not as good as I expected.
When in customer service you shouldn't curse at your customers. I just hung up. How terrible.
Horribly slow service almost painful, waited for thirty minutes to get a check and pay for it.
Daily special of beef skewers on greens was amazing! Hubby's fish and chips was perfectly done
tremendous fish and chips, the burgers aint so bad either
Great sandwiches, if your hungry, The Pig is worth a try. The Taco Pizza is excellent.
never eat here if you are from chicago.  you will cry into your terrible al pastor taco.
Great fresh pizza! And fast! Always helpful and  fully staffed.
We loved Travis! He has such a straight hand and does an amazing job with the tattoos!!
Very friendly, the menu is awesome sarap talaga.
Awesome local bar!  Surprisingly good food! Grilled wings and tacos!   Bathrooms are clean!
Great martins! Placed is decorated nicely and is appealing.....but quite noisy. Food was delicious!
I really like this place. Cajun cut is amazing and good portions. One of my favorites!!!
The chicken and waffles is just plain delicious!
The cinnamon sugar bagels are amazing  the staff is super friendly and I'm always in & out!
One of the best places to eat in Burton!  A must visit!
Delightful crepes & excellent coffee/espresso! I love the music...old school Sinatra, rat pack era!
Orange chicken so good I forgot to wait for my food to cool down and burned my tongue.
I don't believe they offered enough for the $$. Service was good.
Love the place. Open late and consistent quality. The cooks also get the food out quickly.
Best gyros in town. Better than Messini! Try lamb, chicken or pork. You won't be disappointed.
Awesome! Very professional...it looks great! No missed spots, looks very natural.
Good little market near the convention center and they have a deli too.
Macs is my favorite restaurant on South Blvd.  Rachel Sunderland always makes the visit excellent!
Thank you for a great job on my auto tint. You have been my to go to whenever we buy a new vehicle.
Beautiful park!! right next to BB&T Ballpark
Great little taco shop. Flavorful house sauces! Fine choice of meats. Fast friendly service.
Groupon facial burnt and hyper pigmented my skin.
Good spot for Pho.  They are quick and delicious.  The place is clean and decor is modern.
Weed is dry, but cool people and prices are good plus its close to me so i prefer here
Love their chicken pad thai! Always get pickup - hot and always ready on time.
Ordered, semi busy, been a half hour and still haven recipe, received wrong order. Avoid
They were very fast and very attentive. Did everything in front of me and made me feel at ease.
Yikes! Would not stay here nor the Oasis Gold Coast. Scary, smelly, and probably unsafe. Stay away.
We had a very bad experience there not baby friendly  And the food isn't that great either
Our 2nd show in 20 years. I would recommend this show. kinda expensive but it was worth the time!
Awesome show. Incredible vocals. Was so much fun to watch them perform. Would recommend!!!!!!
This place is an average bar - convenient if you work in a lab nearby.
Gee...comes up on a search for 24 hour food...but close at 12"45am on a Saturday.  Yippee.
So, SO unbelievably expensive. Nice owner, but $51 for a jacket to be dry cleaned? No. Never again.
Affordable and reliable, I dont think it gets any better!
Went to the Gastonia location. The food is average, nothing spectacular about the dressing.
nice upscale after hours spot..    get ur swerve on!!
Sad to see the "for rent" sign on the building. Will you reopen somewhere else close by?
Good food, reasonable prices, clean location, easy parking, casual atmosphere and I would return.
Fantastic pastries and the best, smoothest matcha I've ever had.  And that's saying a lot.
Excellent Thai food, pleasant atmosphere, great service.  A lovely experience all around!
Yummy shakes! Perfect for a treat on Spring Break! I recommend the Strawberry flavor...
The stuffed cabbage was excellent. Pierogis were great too! Friendly staff. Will visit again!
very bad service , very rude , never recommend anyone to that place ever !!
The food is very good but the wait is long at certain times of the day. Still worth it.
The slice and wings combo is legit and perfect for lunch.  Favorite place in Chandler to eat pizza.
Tried out a new place and loved it! This color is #493 and perfect for getting into summer mode
Angela was great. Cheerful great attitude and awesome stylist. Lots of positive energy
Great wings...cool place to chill
My son and I have been coming here for lunch and dinner since it opened. Still a favourite!
Rice and Peas was awesome, oxtail was amazing! The Bus up Shot was massive, and was soo good
Such good sizes for amount paid. Definitely top many bbt chains like chatime and gong cha for me!
Amazing service. Lee and Daniella helped me find the puppy of my dreams! Thank you guys!
Best pulled pork in calgary.  You won't be disappointed by this gem hidden in an industrial complex.
great sandwich spot....they have kool-aid....what more could a girl want
Wow, what a deal! $45 for 24 hrs of as many buffets you can hit in about 5 casinos...
Best Eggs Benedict ever! Super friendly staff with great service and a nice patio up front.
Food is always good, and the bartenders know how to pour a good drink.
Great prices and service. They were quick and the best price in town!
If you can make good Pasta at Home, save your cash. If not this place is OK.
Stopped by for a late breakfast. Excellent food and great service. Can't wait to come back.
Lemon Pepper Wings hands done---- and happy hour drinks  LUV it Luv it
Nice clean store but very busy and slightly smaller than some other Harris Teeters.
Good food. Nice place friendly staff A++++  Highly recommended. Right in the middle of old town.
This dealership has an amazing team of professionals! You will be impressed with this service.
Carl has always been very fair and honest with me.
Just fair tasting pasta and salad.  The balsamic dressing is what saved the lunch this day.
Amazing food with creative presentation. The staff is friendly and the food is delicious.
It was okay, everything average, but prices a touch too high for just okay.
Great food!  The mix combo plate with bulkogi beef and teriyaki chicken is my favorite.
So good...feels like your in Hawaii n food is amazing
Such a nice restaurant. Loved restaurant we will defiantly come back fore more Cheers.
Great service, friendly, and most of all, honest!  Small business owner.  Highly recommend.
A very friendly neighborhood place. The food is good and the atmosphere is relaxed and comfortable.
If you're going to go to a diner, this is a great choice. Great food, generous portions and fast.
By far, the best Italian Restaurant/ Grocery in Greater Phoenix. It can rival New York. Really!
Awesome, authentic Mexican cuisine.  Great service and $1 beers, what could be better.
Excellent food. Economical. English speaking waiters/service
the banda, the atmosphere are great, the food is also great
Yummy bone marrow, and oysters. Nice classy place, and great service.
Great place. Clean, friendly and know what they're doing. Can't ask for more than that.
So good the soft shell crab tempura is the bomb!!! Good atmosphere and friendly staff.
Recommended. Good food. Friendly service and nice decor. Comfortable booths. Good parking.... enjoy!
Got a brazilian wax with Nazma, quick and painless! Purchased a gift card for next time too!
Pretty Good company, they book you on god gigs and pay within a week
Best Chinese food we've had in awhile here in the Tempe area. Great prices.
Nice, friendly, quick, reasonable, good food! Thanks!!
Typical Paradise Bakery Clean restaurant. Great Food. Great Service.
Loved the decor and distressed leather booth seating. Modern look with a vintage flare
Tea are good not not the corn way to spicy but the drinks there very yummy nice place too
Great beer. Try the "Dark Knight ". Rye Barrel imp. Stout. Excellent. Great bartender.
Great burgers. Don't judge a book by its cover. This place is slammed on gamedays for a reason.
Spectacular food. The best papaya salad I've had in the states. Green curry is wonderful as well.
maurice is a kind, helpful walmart associate that can direct you to anything in the store!
Service is amazing and the positive vibes make the experience memorable!!
Turned game up way too loud. Great fish & chips , Out of all but one white wine?  Bummer
Just got shellac from Sang. He did an amazing job!
Great service, easy and convenient location. Clothes returned just right!
This is a great place that I found for my children to play at. Open area and very clean.
I've grown up with this type of food & vouch to say that this is as good as it gets.
Great food, sweet staff, cool atmosphere, annnd family friendly :) A++
Awesome service and great food. The jalape o hummus was amazing. I'll be back soon for some more.
DELICIOUS!!! Everything is farm-fresh and homemade!!  Have the mango jam!!!!  Highly recommend here!
KA raises the bar when one thinks of "theater".  This is an experience you won't forget.
Trying this place out for the first time. Hoping that it will be my new nail spot. :)
My favorite dive  Smoky and filthy, avoid  if you're on a date
Very chill late night spot.  Great rooftop view of downtown.
Worst pizza overcooked wings onion rings burnt horrible horrible horrible avoid this place
Small restaurant but quality pho and summer spring rolls.  Very authentic feel and good portions.
Great food. Authentic Mexican tacos. A bit pricey when you're used to prices from Mexico.
My new'wings to go'joint.   Ordered 2 dozen wings~ barbecue & naked~. Baked to perfection.
Great cocktail service and it's spacious, yes, but there's no jackpot! Lame.
I love Lola... the matador is simply craveable!
Great twist on Latin food. Tasty and great staff. It is one of my favorite go to spots.
This is going to be my new addiction!! I love the variety in home decor and furniture.
Perhaps worst Chinese In the genre's history. Avoid at all costs.
Lots of selection but it's a bit overpriced and there can be some long line ups.
One of the best beef patties in the city. Service is a bit slow but well worth the wait!
Great job. He got here in 20 minutes! Was done in 30 to 45 min. Reasonably priced too
Food was great service with a smile a real down to earth Italian place. Great experience
Pepperoni pizza was really good not the best I have tried though. Rice pudding was amazing.
I will definitely be returning to Luciano's! I loved the ambiance, antipasti board and the service.
Ripoff, pure and simple. Outrageous price quote.Far beyond all previous estimates.Stay away !
Very nice place, the breakfast delicious.  The waffles are a good option and also the french toast.
typical bar nothing special, overcooked my burger
Floors are super slippery and I felt trapped in a cubicle the whole time, food was dank tho.
It was good. The waitress was very friendly and did a great job with her recommendations.
Fast and efficient. I go here WHENEVER POSSIBLE! Customer service is friendly. Smiles are grand.
Great food. Don't get the crab appetizer = not worth it. Everything else pretty good.
My new favorite place to eat.  Fried alligator ROCKS!!!
Spinning classic 80's and 90's music all night.
prices are good - food is good. staff isn't rude - but isn't super friendly either.
Worst rental ever! Con artists! Go elsewhere! I'm still so angry I cannot enjoy my vacation!
Very good sushi, price is affordable, service is friendly and happy hour menu is awesome.
Sooo good. Reminds me of my grandmothers food. We eat here at least once a week now. Love it!
Friendly staff great variety of pastries I highly recommend this place for a tasty treat
Great tacos. Just wish the restaurant was not full of flies!
This is not a review but FYI... This place is for rent. Closed. Drove all the way here for nothing
Friendly staff Good pizza well stuffed with meat  Would eat there again to try the rest of the menu.
Loud, cheap drinks and great crowd.  I'll be back for sure...
best little mexican hole in the wall place around!
The server Nicole is a bad mama jama. She could serve me a whiskey near any day nadamean
I am from Bay Area, I am shopping regularly at 168, I like the box of mangos they very sweet.
Great Food and Great Atmosphere!!!  They also have a lot of TV's to watch your favorite games!
One of the best salad rolls in town.  Big portions, hot and tasty. Service is hit and miss.
You've gotta try the Corned Beef & Eggs!
Really delicious vegan food!! Very affordable, fresh, healthy, and great service 10/10
Kind, helpful, and knowledgeable techs!  All at a fair price.
Their loss debt or cash only.  Good way to make sure business travelers don't eat here.
such a great selection set amongst an amazing social experience.
Easily one of the best staffed shoe shopped in Vegas! Always the store I check when in fashion show.
Delicious! Ordered delivery. Recommend the Yushan eggplant and veggie lo mein!
Damn I wish I was closer to this place, only place that makes a thai tea right every time!
I don't get the fascination with this place. It's crowded and loud and the food is overpriced.
Fully loaded burgers for cheap late night in Vegas!!!
A definite must go! If you are a student make sure you bring your ID!  Discount!
Place is closed. What a shame...loved the food and atmosphere. Wondering why it closed
Awesome Japanese food. Great happy hour. Must try the firecracker roll.
Good food and very nice presentation...I wish I lived closer!
Great wine selection and excellent tapas! The arancini and fritto misto were my favorites! :)
A bit pricey but waffles are good. Chicken was ok. I like the waffle with butter and syrup.
The macarons from yum bakery are just horrible!  The worst macarons I have ever had in my life!
Great place. Great food. Kids loved taco tuesday experience!
Excellent selection and helpful staff. They have one of best collections of perfumes in the area.
delicious food, good prices. great little hole in the wall.
Great gastropub. Close to Fremont street. Fair prices. Tasty food, nice cocktails. Friendly staff
Great Thai restaurant. I recommend the lunch specials.
for a neighborhood bar the food is good. prices are reasonable and the service is really good
94.5 sanitation score. Walked in and walked right back out. Empty restaurant and it's filthy.
Best burger I have had in awhile.
Nice place just to grab a drink, we always come here to get drinks and they make them good!
Great store for hardware. Purchased a ceiling fan for half the price at at a major retail store.
awesome place for photos of graffiti  absolutely love it
Kim is such an amazing waitress. Fun happy, singing and super cute! Thank you Kim your awesome.
Great mall, not that big though. Lots of good sprees and little kiosks and a great food court
45oz in my belly!  Good meal, little close for comfort with the seating but overall good!
Loved it, great food good selection, goodmluck finding a seat!
Love this place ! This is my second time comig here, foods great, service is great, price is cheap!
Great short ribs, rice and spam masubi!!  The chicken katsu was okay and the sauce was okay.
Ahi tuna bowl...Recommended!  Wide open spacious restaurant.  Love the fresh and healthy concept!
BEST BOBA PLACE EVER. Seriously I want to work my way through every flavor- this place is heaven
Must eat in Vegas! Luv the hand roll and miso soup. In fact we love everything we have enjoyed!
Friendly and fast service. Excellent ice cream. Good menu, has lots of variety.
Love going here for shave ice, every time I go to drive through it's so fast... very nice feature.
They did a great job fixing curb rash on my Porsche wheels! Very good work and fair price.
This place is the amazing. Always packed for a reason! Make sure to order "the shit".
good subs, the sauces are awesome! they have so many to choose from, it makes the sub!
I enjoy the Matcha Smoothie, the omelets and crepes here.  Thanks for the great service!
What a pretty hotel! the decorations are beautiful, the hotel is clean and nice.
Good service, average pizza, horrible garlic bread.
Great bar, great craft drinks and amazing staff! Awesome happy hour, with great djs at night
.
Great place for brunch. You can usually get in on the weekend without waiting.
Awesome wings. Great beer selection. I love this place.
The customer service is unparalleled. Picking up or dropping off my clothes is always a pleasure.
Well run facility.  Awesome pool, clean throughout and great staff.  Great gym
Good food. Pretty strong service. Definitely make reservations, as the wait is a doosie, otherwise.
so yummy, lots of flavors, family run buisness
Bad food! Their corn burrito tasted like white refined flour. Money wasted and appetite killed!
Nathan was very professional and came to help my pest problem which was German roaches. Thankful
Love this spot, Excellent selection of naughty and nice dinning options to choose from!
The food is always great and the service far exceeds what you'd expect from fast food.
Ive been going to Europin tailor for years, and they never fail to impress me. Best in vegas.
Great place for Board Game, also has internet in the back. very clean and great food!
Their ramen was delicious and try their ice cream it comes in a super fancy cup.
Love skinnyFats! Great, healthy food on the go!
Favorite place for bagels in the Cleveland area.  Great spreads, good prices.  We go very often.
Great service!  Luke was great and was to my house in 30 minutes!!! Definitely recommend!
Such a great experience... Beautiful music. Lovely wait staff  and the food was delicious!
I love the italian subs!  And there fruit punch!
Very entertaining and fun for all ages... If you haven't gone, you should.... You wont regret it!!
Not bad... the Restaurant.com coupon helped make this 2 star restaurant into a 3-star.
mediocre food  worst bartenders i have ever encountered!  there are better places to eat
Amazzzzzzing food!  I recommend the ribs and the osso buco.  Wonderful selection of local wines.
Great food and service.  However, a bit obnoxious to charge .50 to put a sauce on the side.
10 stalls, and I've never seen it completely full. Lots to do in Town Square while you wait.
The best paella I had in a long time!! Food is amazing!! The flavor are just to die for .
This is one of my favorite pizza places in Las vegas,very good crust,sauce and toppings..
Great Haircut by Mona, Great price.    Will make this my go-to place!!
The food is alright but their service is awful. Especially the manager/owner(?) is quite rude
The wings were very good and Contessa and Taylor were awesome definitely gave the place a good vibe
I really tried multiple times but they are so inconsistent and the food is hit and miss..
nice staffs, good quality and it take times to make the flowers.....
Quiet lounge in an airport Starbucks? What a pleasant surprise. Big leather chairs and relaxation.
Excellent food. Incredible prices. Free bottled water. Friendly staff. Very impressive.
Excellent neighbourhood bakery! Everything is delicious and you can buy you bread by weight.
Cute little hidden spot in the midst of Downtown Toronto. I really enjoyed the margarita pizza.
Great AYCE sushi! Love the Sparkling Grapefruit sake. The garlic tuna & ono were delicious!
Best Chinese Food in Charlotte. The crispy scallion chicken is absolutely the BEST EVER!!!
My favorite place everyone is so helpful and kind and the selection is amazing always growing
Some of the best sandwiches ever. Skirt Steak and Fried Eggs! Awesome
Emily is right! They are an absolute scam. Stay away. I had the exact experience.
This Bouchon is just like the Bouchon in Yountville, CA only a way bigger space and menu.
Should have stuck with original take on this place. Met the owner. He's a clown. Steer clear.
Tasty dumplings and nice variety. Not so much English speakers, or daft beers.
Good American cuisine & great beer at a reasonable price! Staff are friendly and attentive.
Great restaurant. Dishes are fantastic and creative. A bit too noisy to talk
Another wonderful experience at Freeway Chevrolet, thanks to Lisa for her help!!
Not impressed! Delivered cold and very dry. One of the worst ever! Definitely not worth the price!
Great Steak and sides.  Very trendy. Nice place to go but not if you want to talk and relax.
Absolutely delicious! I had the Berry the Steak with gluten free flat bread and it was amazing!
Best burger in Arizona, bar none. Unique setting as well, very plain and rustic.
Chicken burger patties were cheap and expensive for the quality. I do not recommend this place.
The food was excellent. I was visiting from Houston and a colleague recommended it. I will be back.
If you're from New England and nostalgic for the pizza you grew up eating, come here. Nuff said.
Excellent food and very friendly servers! Top in Vegas !! Good price, fresh food. Perfect
Really good omelettes for a fair price.  Service was kind of meh.
One of the better moxie's. The food quality and service is usually up to par.
Great Hair Cut! Walk ins welcome.
I had the salmon burger and it was great ! The environment was cosy and the staff was nice :)
Outstanding for young and old. Beautiful butterflies and great venue to get close and interact.
This place is amazing. Athentic Mexican food. Great atmosphere.  Parking is okay with street parking
Food is really good, I enjoy getting it for take out when we are in a rush, they are very fast!
Greek Salad and the Green Goddess is the Bomb! Wish there was a Presto in the Henderson area too.
its as close to Philly as you can get in the desert!
The service  is super slow, and it wasn't  that full. the food is ok portions  are kinda small.
Brought iPhone in for screen replacement. Fast, friendly, and looks great. Will use again.
Great service and company!  Highly recommend to anyone in the security or investigations field.
Al pastor and carnita tacos are great! I'm a big fan of the complementary chipotle salsal!
Hit me drink is great and strong. $11 but totally worth it while waiting for dinner reservations.
Best burrito on the planet. Great nachos. Awesome tacos. One of my favorite places to eat.
Food was ok but nothing you couldn't make yourself at home. Clean establishment. Nice decor.
It's a BofA. Come here and deposit or withdraw money. Pretty basic.
Great food for the price. Service is excellent. Breakfast is their specialty.
Very disappointed. Highly rated but not the authentic Italian food I was hoping for. Very bland
The selection was great and the prices were excellent.
The bowls here are D'lish. Really healthy and quick! The employees are sweet college kids.
Bad service. Food was ok. Not sure if I'd return
pistacho macaroon was delish and so was the mini tres leches! i would definitly come back!
Amazing school with awesome students!  I loved my service.
I will literally drive 8 hours down from Reno just to eat here. The best Greek food I've ever had!!
Great place to go for a leisurely skate. The ice is always super smooth.
Showers are way to small.  Beds are ok.  Service ok. Wouldn't go back
I can always count on FBD for breakfast or lunch.  Great food & great prices.
Make reservations.  But great food.  Fresh.  Clean.   We'll be back.
Great sub for the price!!  Did I mention they deliver??
This is my second time here and it's a great pub experience on a nice street in Toronto.
Tacos were lit son, bless up! Eat here every Friday, cash me outside. Speaking of, it's cash only.
Spectacular care and service. I've suggested their office to others and would recommend them to you.
LITERAL doggy shit, pad Thai tasted like someone dropped their cigarette in it... V disappointed
Always very clean, the food is fresh, and the staff is super friendly! Their Guac is the best!!
Best cocktail bar downtown Jacque and Isaiah definitely know how to hold it down. Very innovative
Outstanding! The best sushi in Lake Norman! The service is fantastic!
Every person here needs to be let go. Absolutely unacceptable service. DO NOT WASTE MONEY HERE!!!
Quick and professional. Very helpful in helping us navigate this unfamiliar situation.
If in Phoenix eat here. Fried Chicken and a Champaign-a-cane. Fucking fabulous on a Sunday morn.
Great customer service from Ashton; great food and-music! I highly recommend Vegeway.
Absolutely love their Thai fried rice and green curry, will come back for more!
AMAZING teriyaki and pot stickers.. I could go here for lunch every day!
Disco Fries and a great local beer selection... and the very pretty bartender
Really like their pea soup. Had better Dutch pancake before. But would go there just for the soap.
3 dollar mimosas and super kind and helpful staff! Would definitely come back! Everyone was so nice
Good NYC pizza. Tons of cheese and meat with great flavor. A little pricy, but worth every penny.
Tasty broth.. quick service.. watermelon juice! Large portions.. I'm definitely coming back
i found the service here slow and the staff were stiff. The food was bland just like my review.
Great street tacos at a great price. Lines were long but well worth the wait. A bit chaotic in line.
This is a really nice fry's. Their bakery is actually better than most of their other locations.
Staff is super friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. Jeff did a perfect job on my Juvederm.
The beef rib bowl and the kalbi are phenomenal!!!!!!!!!!
Hidden treasure, cannot believe it's only 3 star, the food isssss so good, best Pho in town.
Thank you! We loved our wedding photos!!
A regular Vietnamese Pho with no bells or whistles. Average food quality.
great service and I got $15 coupons & 1 laundry bag for free.
Grab a pen for daddykins here.
Good old fashion haircuts. Each barber takes their time, razor shave, and hot towel service.
Good folks running it. Very fast. I appreciate that.
The owner here abruptly told us, "I don't have time for you. Go somewhere else." We obeyed.
Owner was a great guy...gave me a free BBQ pork bun just to let me try! Food was delicious!!
This is my favorite chinese joint! You can't go wrong with this place.
Great staff and hassle free purchasing experience - I recommend it highly
None better; best shopping experience!  Incredible customer service.
Heather was very helpful and friendly. Lots of frames to choose from. Very happy with my visit!
Lovely for brunch. Amazing bread products and craft drinks if you like your booze it's really good
This is the best Mexican food! I love the carnitas. The patio is so pretty and relaxing.
Autentico, delicioso, perfecto. Bomb.com Authentic, delicious and perfectly made! It's tha bomb.com.
Went there yesterday, location is hidden in the building, but very good food and service there.
Best bread in da burgh!  Many stillers frequent this place.
Really good Tapas. Had the tasting menu and it was delicious. Gin and Tonic was really good.
Fantastic food and terrific staff.. One of our "Special" spots to have some great Italian food...
Awesome selection of brews but pricey! That's the only thing that will keep me from coming back :(
Food is good. Margaritas are ok. Service is weak. Hostesses have been rude on too many occasions.
*4 stars* for their pineapple bundt cake =)
Great vet clinic. They have full service including a fabulous groomer.
Had the Honey Toast and crepe cake with Earl Grey tea. Awesome as always. Chill zone.
This is another place I go for the iced tea more than food. Their passion iced tea is so great!
Had it for breakfast love this place!! The staff very friendly and they have awesome food!
Hot sandwich was cold. Rude staff. Paid $9 for thick cut bread and a spoon of potato salad.
Quality has gone way down and can't recommend this place anymore. Hiro Sushi is my new go-to.
Good friendly service, they have fresh squeeze sugar cane here ! Good seating area, plenty of seats
Love this place!!!!!!!!! Went with my girls on Saturday and had a blast. Definitely had fun.
This place is so freaking expensive. ....why?    That's why I never spend over $10.00 in this place!
Do not use this company rude service, horrible cleaning.
Great boot camp class taught by Eric. Christophe at the front desk: good customer service.
Great cuts at a good price. Plus old school face shaves from a skilled hand. Kids cuts too!
Amazing! JUST like the Manhatten location!
Don't even waste your time! instead, go to El Pollo Loco a mile down Rainbow.
Just had a great facial, Desiree's hands were magic!  Will definitely come back when I am in Ohio.
Affordable price for buffet I would say , if you do at the right time you'll enjoy it 100%
Great food and prices! Highly recommend the tempura and spicy crab roll, it is AMAZING!
Divey but fun.  Cheap drinks but make sure nothing touches the floor.
Tried to get a quote but they were too busy for my job and they are limited on what they will do
Overpriced. Junk. And they are selling fake designer stuff.
a bit overpriced, but yummy food for sure!
Some of the Best seafood around. "Garlic & Butter" anything! Scrumptious to say the least. Go H&J!
Really great cupcakes and the cookies are fantastic. Well worth the drive.
The steak from this place is amazing and the margaritas are strong and delicious.
Great neighborhood restaurant with very reasonable prices and great Mexican food. We will be back!
A great place to buy delicious produce. And handmade art work and herbs to plants.
Fantastic service and great food.  Our server Bryan was amazing and made our visit very enjoyable.
High price for just bar food. Poor service . Only one waiter in the whole side room area.
friendly & knowledgable staff, nice selection of juices. Punch card system for regular patronage.
Wonderful quaint hole in the wall, much larger than expected, vibes here are pristine
Good Buffet better than most.  Hard to find good seafood in the desert but here it is.
Excellent call on Having a bar, Qdoba! Come on, Chipotle.
Excellent food! Tasty hot-dogs and at an affordable price.
Souper good~
Best Italian in Phoenix. Great food, atmosphere and professional service. Highly recommended.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! Best boba in AZ!!! I had high expectations and they've met them all!
Donna the hygienist was great. The whole clinic was very accommodating to my 2 yr old!
Great dinner buffet for $8.99. Service was prompt and friendly.
Omg all i have to say is get the mac n' cheese pizza. (Mic just dropped)
Team of professionals with great bedside manner! They really care about their patients!!
Every time I see Dora I leave with a great haircut! I'm a Happy camper. What more can I say
Everything was well done & I am pleased.
Awesome Pad Thai, & the Won ton soup is fantastic. Takeout is super fast.
Awesome!  I had the meatloaf panini...was very good and the wedding soup was tasty! Yummmmm
Amazing pumpkin French toast and bacon!! Great service by Britt!! Cute place great food and service.
Great food and great service!  I Promise to be back! In love with the new Deep Dish!!
Better service this time around....more attentive staff even though it was busy. Great breakfast.
 
The pizza is the shit!!! The staff are great!! Had Pepporoni/Feta absolutely smashing
Not too bad at all. Busy during lunch as one would expected but friendly staff and neat environment
the best wings ever. forget bww go support these guys!
Not authentic Mexican food. Not a good experience, waiter had a smile and was polite.
The service was absolutely amazing and the food was phenomenal. Definitely recommend this place.
EXCELLENT customer service and such friendly employees!
Get the sushi burrito.   Bank of America employees get a 10% discount.  You're welcome.
Always great New York style pizza. Buy by the slice and cover it with your favorite toppings.
Got a pizza and wings. Ordered online and the order got fouled up. Ended up with naked wings
Good selection to pick from. They have lunch and late night specials. Vegetarian friendly.
Rich is awesome! Always helpful and available and continually works with you.
The service was great....The thin crusted pizza was kind of bland and plain
My 2 year old and I loved this place! The pizza was amazing!  We will definitely return!
From out of town, great gluten free food find! Yum! Will come next time we're in town.
The vegetable tempura was good, but the maki was unimpressive. And delivery took forever.
Great interior, very good food, if a bit heavy. Good for entertaining folks.
Best Korean Food in Las Vegas! Of course the prices are higher than Los Angeles.
Great customer service and friendly. Food looks great. First time having hotpot, and it taste great!
DO NOT USE! Cancelled my order late afternoon on valentines day, have yet to see refund.
.......
Overpriced drinks and boring bartenders
Great burger. I had the Old School. It had a lot of flavour! Also very good portion size.
The food is good but the after taste is just bad it's too stuffing and the Brito is huge
Wow! I have passed this place daily for two years and finally tried it. So fresh and delusions!
I was hoping for a change... Ugh!  More of the same.  I'm sad the moved closer to me!
I love having access in town to an old fashion candy store!
Very salty...This place is hard to find..I was hoping for a good pizza..Was very dissapointed
Great & friendly service. Coffee roasted milk tea is perfect for the summer! So good!
Food is great. Too loud but that's expected from a bar like this. Good choice of drinks too.
The nitro cold brew and soyrizo bagel sandwich I ordered were excellent. Friendly staff too.
my pups love their weekly wash here. Very low prices and sell good prodcuts!
Absolute crap, a zero on all levels. Service, food ambiance as bad as the Habs this year
Convenient place to get gas and pick up and grocery items when the grocery store is closed.
The service, the food, the drinks, the vibe, the creativity....I could go on!  Just fantastic!!
great place have to try the pork chile Verde and the happy hr was a great deal
Excellent! En plus c'est apporter votre vin... Que demander de plus!
The best pizza in town and it's totally customizable. I love their dough, the crust is to die for!
Not built on fancy interiors, just good solid quality of food, price and friendly service.
Yum!  The staff is super friendly & helpful, which makes the fantastic products even better!
Love this place Great service 4 stars because no more grilled cheese sliders Bring them back.
Honestly blown away by the loving staff, good service & great food! For sure my new fave restaurant
NOT GOOD!  Food is like cardboard and service was sub-par.  I'll will not be returning.
I had Death By Chocolate.  Now I am dead and loving it.
Amazing. The owner Rebecca does the best brow waxing. She also specializes in har stying and cuts!
the staff are needlessly rude and the bouncers are total meatheads, but the sound system is good.
The food was fine, but the service glacial. Not sure about a return visit.
Service was great, everyone was so sweet and went the extra mile for me! 10/10 would recommend
Checked in 2 hours prior to departure time and still received last boarding position.
Pros:  - Open late  Cons:  - Poor Service - Small portion sizes - Over Priced for sub par flavor
Crushed this spot! Loved it! The staff was awesome and the party people were great! Its a bar!
Good bar staff, lots of options for sandwiches and beverages. Good eats at a good price.
Love this place! Avocado fries are to die for and breakfast pizza and burrito were amazing!
Awesome!! Casual, friendly, great service but most importantly, delicious pizza!!! Best in town!!!
Dim Sum from Yum Cha to take Tea tasty morsels of Pork & Shrimp back to the Silk Road!
First time and felt very comfortable during the whole procedure. Will definitely be back again.
Love it here!  No wonder it has been so successful. Its a great place to dine!
best food, i have tried sandwich s pasta,soups, and deserts .All so good
Great service and food. Nice atmosphere for brunch. Chicken and waffle sandwich was excellent.
Expensive lesson...cracked my screen. Fast, friendly and professional. Thx for fixing my phone!
I was going to give it two stars, but its family owned and they are sweet.
This place is awsome and very intresting art .cofea is better then starbucks.most come back
took my 2 dogs here for 2 nights. Great customer service.  Highly recommend!
Loved it. Amazing range of vegetarian and vegan choices. Warm people and a cozy atmosphere.
pretty good overall, there's good deal on lunch combo.
Spiked milkshakes and deep fried pickles..AMAZING! Burgers are sooooo good :)
Laurie M.   Just stop. Don't be scared of the POS. Doesn't scare people except you I guess.
It was wonderful.  The staff are very warm and inviting.
Very high prices Found an item at a competitor for 25-40 dollars cheaper depending on model
Loving this place!  The 2 slice lunch special is amazing!!!!   Always a good choice for lunch!
Delivery guy Anthony Byers is very helpful personable & friendly also great tasting water!!!
From out of town and found on yelp.  Deserves the positive ratings that it has gotten.
Awesome burger joint.  A must when visiting ASU.
Surprisingly quick! Went in for a name change and was in and out in 15-20 min. Still shocked..
Better than the one in Richmond hill forsure
These guys are out of business. Drove over here to check them out and the store is empty.
It worked out wellGreat location, good breakfast for free, decent pool and free parking. Not bad.
I love their salads with rotisserie chicken. Usually busy so try to get a reservation.
This is great for those who are looking for a home cooked meal then resturant style type of food.
Food is always good but they are sooooo slow.  It can take 15 minutes after the order is placed.
Been waiting for our pizza for over an hour and a half.  Rediculous.  Stay away from this place!
Excellent store. Very helpful associates. Great pricing.  I'm a customer for life now!
My FAVORITE vegetarian restaurant.  My best friend is a vegan and swears by their food too!!!
Good stuff.  A little pricey for being off the strip but the quality of food makes it worthwhile.
Food is good; take your time when ordering; the Zet Burger is a ripoff.
Great place to go for beauty supplies, the staff is knowledgeable and very helpful, prices are good
Stepahnie G. does my hair cut and color. She is great and I get lots of compliments on her work!
Great service, Sheena is the best.  Fantastic food
Nice stuff.  Expensive Stuff.  Fun to stop while in Vegas.
Upgraded 3 iphone 7 and Alex was very helpful and guided us every step of the way. Thank you!
Everybody that works in this store is super helpful.  Just wish the prices were better.
Nasty and arrogant. Did I mention condescending?  That too
this is the only Chinese restaurant that doesnt use MSG!!  they deliver to. the food is great.
Great buffet of the 24 hr deal w/o up charge. Gets crowded, but good for a buffet.
Great food great authentic Irish fare and best of all close to home
They need to change the drab carpet. CNN at gates 5/6
Cool bar with good food.  I like the vibe and will definitely return when back in Charlotte.
Clutch chicken sandwich as always. No errors with my order. Line was long but worth the wait.
Always a great place to bring the kids, especially in the fall. Their kettle corn is to die for!!
Great shopping! Need gift for boss's daughter, and they nailed it. Thanks
Minus the long wait this place is great!  Super yummy food and great vibe!
Food is good the staff is very friendly love the belt concept make it convenient and fun
Horrible.  Stay away.  Toni and her shyster husband are complete crooks. I repeat stay away!
Awesome!, order the pasta with the clams, and the Dolce vita dessert platter. You're welcome!!
Great show. Never been disappointed with a CDS production.
These people make me want to be nicer yummy food great service christian company!
So many awesome sandwiches and great beer..my favorite restaurant/bar in Pittsburgh.
Delicious, great prices, service and atmosphere :) if you like sushi it can't be beat!
Live music, good drinks and a nice patio this Reposado Bar was adventurous and cool.
Don't go if you do not have an appt. I left after waiting 40 mins. Only 3 barbers on sat.
Any jersey Mikes location with good friendly people. Ahhh sandwich with flavor. A must have for all.
Steve Laramee did my oil change and did an amazing job!
this is simply just so good and authentic( I'm Chinese) the coconut rice is sooooo good!!!
Escargot and Quiche are sooooo good! If you like American style omelet then you won't like this one.
I love the space. I'm a big fan of Amelie's and I was happy to know there are more then one.
Eat in and skip the line that is guaranteed to be way out the door.
Ordered their chef's full course. Orgasmic food and wonderful service.  A must visit in Vegas.
Last lunch at jack in box in las vegas heading home best burgers to bad we dont have in Georgia
Fuego and on point every time. Menu always has something for anyone. Fuego fuego fuego
Tony and Kim are GREAT!!!!!!!  Great nieghborhood place and it's brand spanking new!!!!
this place is near my office , and when im craving good Mexican food  this where i go !!!!
Been coming here for years. Beer lovers paradise. Never disappoints. I'll be back for years to come.
Very unique and flavorful menu, Chef knows what he's doing. Beautiful setting with a great vibe.
Awesome tacos, Quesadillas etc...  A must stop if going downtown (from the strip).
Hands down best food there and the service is always friendly and great love this restaurant
Always very consistent with the quality of food, service and hospitality. Come hungry!
Best corned beef sandwich I ever had. There is no reason to go here other than that.
In and out no problems, my phone was fixed, couldn't be easier.
simple choices in their gelato selection...their coconut & tangerine awesome..stop in..
On-the-go fresh pressed juice with the friendliest staff at the Biltmore fashion park! Perfection!
Pool and gym are awesome. Make sure you have a fob because that place is like fort Knox if you don't
this place sucks. meat tastes like straight asshole!
Great place decor on the mark ..old school yet modern. Good barber feeling with the nice look
I ordered the jjanga sushi burger. The burger is a good sized portion and is very tasty.
One of the best veg falafel wraps in the area! Loved it.. perfect crisp and taste for the mouth!
Gary is the best bartender by far. Very personable and attentive. Love coming to this place!!
The breakfast was good. However it was the first place where the waiter asked (sic!) for the tips.
Love this place. Cool setting watching them make your ice cream. The sorbet is delicious.
Let the staff order for you.  Incredible food wonderful atmosphere and I can't wait to come back.
3 stars for the service, its suuuuper slow and they aren't even busy. The food was excellent.
Best onion rings I've had in a long, long, long, time.
Amazing happy hour!!!! Great food every single time and excellent staff! Love it.
The food was alright, but I love that they serve wine and beer with the purchase price.
This place has AMAZING food,  huge menu and very generous portions-best kept secret in town
Loved it! Had the double bacon cheeseburger with fries and onion rings. Will be back!!
Great service. Lemon drop was amazing. Food was ok. Price was too high.
Staff was great...food was average at best.  Not much more to say...
Ice house .. secret local bar with large picture window overlooking ice skating rink.
A disappointing mediocrity. Mexican for the masses. Cardboard food with pablum sauces.  Just awful
Awful awful awful service
Garlic balls, fried green beans, and garlic bomb wings bring us back again and again.
Usually have good service, however I don't like the assistant manager's attitude, very poor.
They never have anything I really want in this place. How is this possible?
Ross & his team are the best. Great customer service and cares of his clients. Highly recommended!
Absolutely love the breakfast brisket taco. You must try it if you stop in for breakfast.
Yummy!!  Kevin's taiyaki is the best!  Located inside H Mart in Richmond Hill.  Take some home!
Awesome service. First time Vegas made us feel like home. Food was good plus gave us a discount
bait and switch false avertisment...... do not go to this dealer
A trip to Chili's is always a good time. The menu selection and the service is consistently great!
Best bloody mary and eggs benedict!  A perfect experience.
I had a perfect experience with the service department today. Polite staff. Done quickly and well.
Service was amazing Priscilla is so fast and Angie is really nice thank you for everything
Pretty Good, My kids like the waffle dog
Pressure sale. Sleazy, rude and inappropriate selling tactics. Waste of time and money
Absolutely delicious!!! I'm from Jersey and these are the best tortillas I've ever had!!!!
Pizza was bland.  Cost of beer inexpensive.  Service was marginal.
Omg!!!! This place reminds so much of Mexico. The food is sooooo bomb. They never let you down.
Great new spot in downtown Chandler.  Definitely try the Pork Belly Lollipops...Too die for!
The best sushi place in Calgary.  No other yam tempura rolls can compare.
The food here is top notch! The reubin is unique and super tasty. Try the pide also excellent
Great happy hour prices and man how I love me some Pork Canitas tacos
not professional rude rude people The therapist burn my feet from the hot towels in the massage
Terrible, called me an hour later and said they had no drivers...LOL
Great food and service. Had the mini chimis and taquito appetizers which were delicious.
Best products! Great customer service. If you are looking for quality products this is where to be.
Good food. Very nice place to go with friends. Always a long wait. Ok service
Don't waist your time filing out their questioner on the site. No one will contact you back!
Great coffee!  I ordered a skinny cafe latte and it was delicious!  The bagels are fresh as well.
The vegetarian menu is awesome abs the Greek fries are da bomb!!!!
C'mon man,  that's just ridiculously good.  So glad I didn't waste money at the fancy hotels
Watch out for rebate and switch tactics. Not a pleasant nor fair car shopping experience
So delicious. I haven't ate Thai food with this taste before. I'll come back again for sure.
Great food, great service. Must try the bacon board! Have the apple pie moonshine "Larry style"
Had duck for the first time. Didn't disappoint. Great service, as well.
They have the double cup say no more. They are ahead of the curve in Vegas. I'm in love.
Amazing food and a very attractive girl works there.
GREAT greek food with very nice people and great service.
Hash house all time best=j The food is the best But be ready for a very long wait WOW
Love her! She's amazing, the gel she uses actually lasts! She's always open to try any designs(:
Great service and amazing work. Highly recommend Rosa's for any tailoring you may need!!
awful food and so is the service.
They are alway friendly and professional. I had a root canal and it was quick and didn't hurt.
The place is very cool. The nacho were yummy and the beers were cold. Would go back for sure.
First stop every time I fly in to Madison. They make amazing pizzas you can't find elsewhere.
Food is so-so.  Watch out they'll over charge you if you are drunk. Good view of the LV Strip.
Good prices, excruciatingly SLOW service. No smiles, all frowns. Especially Sharon :(
Great menu - not typical asian fusion. Apps are spectacular & great happy hour specials!
Always love Radioshack, knowledgeable staff, reasonable prices. Would recommend to anyone.
I like to Chomp and Chompies!
I highly recommend booking with Monica! She is professional, knowledgeable, and consistent!
Coffee was amazing.The Oreo pancake was good took a few bites couldn't eat anymore just to big
I tried the whopper burrito today.. it was pretty big and had a kick to it.. spicy hot
Great BBQ and ask for Alex J as your server.  Great guy and awesome place to eat!  A must try!!
It was good food. Nothing over the top. But the waiters and other staff were wonderful
Been eating here since I was kid, and still get excited like a kid when I walk in and order..
This gyro is so yummy! And the staff were super nice.  I think I found my new pita go to place.
The best Circue du Soleil show ever made and I have seen a few. Must see.
Food & service is great! Our favorite server is Amanda.. She's efficient and friendly!
Best sushi I have eaten in a long time. Can't wait to go back. I'm going to become a regular here!
Waited 1 hour to eat dinner. Very unorganized and understaffed.
there is nothing wrong with this place.  burger heaven/perfection.
Very nice spa and they did an excellent job on my hot stone massage.  Highly recommend this place!
BLURRY. Talented barbers all around the shop you won't be disappointed with your experience here !
love that they have great vegetables with brown rice since I dont eat meat.
Always have a nice experience here. Really good comfort food. The Osso Bucco was delicious!
Once again Yelp..Update!!!! This location is not a current Weinerschnitzel, it's a Loan Mart.
A better version of benihana (sp) with pictures of famous people on the walls
Visited Beauty's based on Anthony Bourdain's travel show. And we were not disappointed.
Had the original acai bowl which was delicious and very filling. I loved the added granola crunch!
The layout is really nice and the serving is pretty decent. A bit pricey though. I will return.
Very clean place , great customer service .. Food is delicious one of my favs in Vegas
Great atmosphere! great service ! Had to try the Thai iced and son had the almond milk tea ! Yummy!!
Never using them again. Waited over an hour for a cab that never showed.
Delicious! Tons of menu options and a lot  flavor, taste almost the same as original (not vegan)
Salon Be is a great new salon and I trust only Brandy with my hair.
Great hot food! Good service! Great beer selection! Good environment. Long wait on the weekends.
I only go here cause k.lark put my sticker on the wall. Also I have the 3rd place score in Pacman.
Amazing sushi! Always fresh! Friendly staff. All around an amazing experience every time I come!
Amazing food. Great prices. Go there ASAP.
Service is SLOW.  Food below average.  Waitress was ditzy and did not seem to care.
I don't like buffet's But this is up there as far as Vegas Buffet's go
BEST tuna melt ever and fries are excellent too. Regular tuna on toast is also very good.
Spent 45 waiting for a club sandwich and they only brought out 1 half. This was total epic fail
Fiscal Fitness has literally changed our lives and truly took the stress out of money.
Amazing food for a great price. Lingua, shrimp, ribs you want it they've basically got it.
Yum - you won't be disappointed and you won't leave hungry! I had the meatloaf hash - really good.
It was OK. I'm rating it so I can remember I've tried this place. Just too lazy to write more...
Awesome foods and people. Better than the foods we had when we visited Puerto Rico two months back.
I am giving them full stars for their gluten-free menu!
Never clean. Overpriced. Would be shut down if not for movie pass and the Groupon for tickets.
nice location. ok food. pricey in general interesting wine list. cute (female) som
Loved the make your own theme, helpful staff, nice selection and I loved the desserts they offered.
Great Service .......yummy pizza and calzones!!!  This pizzeria ROCKS!!!
Seriously loved going here. So beautiful and I can't wait to return when the trees are in.
Great house and super cheap Uber fare to get to the strip.
Burned ends were awesome! Service was awesome.  Brit made sure we were taken care. We will be back!!
Grear atmosphere and grest food. Great family experience totally recommend Krazy Sushi!
It's too salty and little bit pricey~But overall good. Chicken cashew is very tender~
Been here a ton, weather for a drink or food simply the best restaurant in Cleveland!
GREAT!! Every time we go!! Price is reasonable, friendly. Even remembers our order!!
I love their Carne Asada tortas. They always load it with meat and avacados and bread is fantastic!
The Vdara became my favorite spot in Las Vegas. Clean, quiet, and no slot machines.  Will come back!
Terrible customer service and a ton of false advertisement with the prices. , will not be returning.
Really terrible coffee! Long lines that aren't worth it. Tea is good but pricy for what it is.
I'm a sushi addict and I tell everyone about Sushi Tower, cause it's just that damn good!!!
Best boba around. They serve quickly. They are good at making suggestions if you're unsure.
So disappointed in this place. Food was way tooo salty tonight... I don't recommend this place
Corey and Hector recently serviced our and were very helpful, professional and thorough.
coming to vegas 10/28 -11/1 looking for girls to go to red rooster as a couple italian 50s from NY
Love flying Southwest, wish they flew to every airport
She amazing doctor and I just love having her as my doc people there are really friendly .
The wait was long and the food was pricey but everything was so good.  Really enjoyed my visit.
Scrubbi was excellent and thorough with the cleaning.
Delicious isle of the Greek sandwich and potato salad. Very nice place to sit and eat.
Place sympathique pour prendre un verre, je n'ai pas eu la chance de d guster la cuisine.
That was awesome.  Onion soup and Mac & Cheese.  Stuffed.  Supper friendly family restaraunt.
My favorite place to go around here for breakfast/lunch!! A great addition to the concord area
Tami is great! She has a wonderful attitude and a wealth of knowledge!
fancy place with great service... but, i can make a better ribeye at home.
Bernice does great work, and is conscientious to do the job right. Highly recommended
They were very nice and got me in right away for my gel pedicure.  Overall they did a great job
Great burger place for sure! The fries are really good as well. Definitely worth going to.
Nothing special about this place.  Prefer local coffee houses.
Great service, the staff is very helpful. The flowers were gorgeous and  lasted more than  2 weeks.
Great service! Great food! I think you should check it out!!
I think I've found my new favorite asian restaurant. The food is absolutely unique and delicious.
The food tastes good but the bartender and service is extremely slow.  Try a different place.
great place for rolled icecream my son enjoyed watching them make it through the glass
nice flavors.  the veg-wich was very tasty. i may get that sometime even though i'm not vegetarian
The food was horrible the music that was playing was annoying and the waiters were very rude
Good pizza! We love having this joint in the neighborhood. The gyros are pretty good too.
Love this place very good food! !!Nice to see this kind of place on South West side of las vegas
We had a blast.  We are looking forward to doing another one!
Yummmm we love Cuff! Best hidden little Gem in Downtown Glendale!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Best service ever!
Reghan is the greatest server I've ever had! She recommended the clover shots and we loved them
Get magic Mike's pastrami it's delicious.  Not on the menu... but ask for it. Secret menu!
Good drinks, chill atmosphere, and great beats (the DJ that night).
Yummy omelette but expensive and small portion for what it is. Better places out there.
hands down, best ice cream i've tasted!!! anyone who likes ice cream, this is a must !!
Always delicious and interesting. Great cocktails too. The cheesy polenta was miracle food.
Overall a good group.  Cars are very quick and lovely to drive.   Sean was a tremendous help.
Get Three Little Pigs - Best sandwich I've ever had!  Couldn't stop smiling while I ate it.
These were the greatest garlic knots ever thanks to Danny. Shelley the manager was very helpful!
The vanilla latte and cheddar-scallion scone were so delicious! A cute place to stop in for coffee!!
I've noticed lately, there are really long lines with 1 or 2 cashiers working at a time
Great new thai restaurant! And only a block from my job. My 3rd time there this week :)
Always delicious food, large menu to choose!  Easy parking and spacious comfortable atmosphere!
We've been in LV 4 days and love this place! The food is great, the staff accommodating.
Very good! Best Satay, red curry, mango sticky rice, and coconut ice cream :)
Great service. Very tasty food. Get the shrimp and eggplant appetizer. It's very unique and tasty.
Great performer and amazing acts that are family friendly and trendy!!  She's smart, witty and fun!!
Calamari too salty. Rib eye steak is with too many grain and too chewey. Veal is not bad.
The frosting on the cupcakes is too greasy for me, but the brownie is worth the trip.
Delicious food and quick service. Had the trout. Very tasty. Mushrooms were also good.
Terrible. The Hunan chicken and the general tso's were the worst I've ever had
GREAT FOOD! Nice atmosphere. Nice bar. Best Mexican joint in the area.
Amazing coffee, super chill atmosphere.
Yum. Never fails to deliver.  Fast service. Good pizza. Good customer service. Friendly staff.
I liked this place. I love non-chain restaurants. They were super accommodating to my picky toddler.
Service was great, atmosphere relaxed, food and drinks delicious. Live music was a nice touch.
I've had only positive experiences at this bank.
Busy and not the friendliest techs but they do a good job at pedicures at a reasonable price.
These guys are fantastic.  They really know what they are doing.  Great service.
One of the countries finest! thanks for bringing this concept to the burgh!
Great diner breakfast HUGE portions good coffee. We will be back
Delicious pho!   Number 47 is good according to my roommate.   I highly recommend this place.
Can't miss stop for the best Fish Sandwich in Pittsburgh.
I love the food at Joe's Crab Shack. I eat here whenever I am in Station Square.
This show was OK. There was too much going on and my lack of interest in martial arts didn't help.
They took good care of my daughter.  Quick turn around. Offered a free screen protector.
Service and food is always superb.
Got grabbed off floor, too. Did not buy the $500 2-step skin treatment system. What a scam.
Great place for pool and off track betting.  Lots a fun
Good beer, good food, good time at BJ'S. We love going to BJ's. Warning, its a little loud.
I don't understand the hype of this place. Food wasn't that great. But the cashiers were amazing!
Awesome Jjanga deep fried burger!  Should give it a try!  And the ice cream sandwich is sooo goood
Have visited many times with my work team and always delicious! Still working through the menu.
Tried this since close to home...very nice inside and the pizza was good and service ok.
Always great drinks, even greater bartender and great music! I think I'll become a regular!
I chose croissant aux almonds, which is great, would like to try more.
Food is great Service is good. The only thing I won't try again is the Thai tea. It's way too sweet!
Looks like if you write a neg-- review it gets filtered.Sorry Yelp but it is what it is.
Looks like this place has closed down for good.  To bad, was a great fit for a good price.
Good food, big restaraunt. Overall good place.
The absolute BEST!!!!  Quality food and service!  You won't regret ordering anything here ever!
Outstanding customer service! Katina knows how to treat customers!
Great place, great prices and better people! Leticia is easily the best part of the bar.
Great service from ABC garage door! Sheila is fantastic on the phone. Quality service, fair pricing.
First time in Romanos...Service 5 stars...but food just 3 stars...portions were small...taste was ok
Not accommodating whatsoever. The menu is very limited and the food came out ice cold.
Always great!  I had the lobster and filet mignon and it was cooked to perfection.  Good atmosphere.
Best tacos on the strip Just landed and was referred by our Uber driver 5 stars all around
Love the food here! Everything is delicious  we will be back!! I recommend the breakfast burrito.
Close to home, good food, good drinks and a place to chill on whatever day of the week!!:)
Another great meal.  Machaca breakfast burrito's chips & Guac. Had to wait a bit but well worth it.
My fave bbq! Skirt steak, bulgogi, chicken, the shit! Lunch $17.95! Also great service!
Best Mediterranean food around the area and excellent chicken pita. My go-to for lunch
I always wanted to try Peking duck it's average not worth the price won't come back here
Great service cleaned my phone out no charge even offered a free diagnosis.
Excellent customer service. Great staff and the Lemon Pepper wings were on point. Highly recommended
Las Vegas Tacky at its very best. You have to see it!
Best pho you can get on the west side of town! Love their shrimp spring rolls and rare steak pho.
The best gluten free pizza I've ever had  The pizza sauce was awesome and even white pizza was good
Best range in the area. Professional knowledgeable staff. Safety is top priority here.
I like to get the Kabuki Deluxe for lunch occasionally; not impressed with their sushi.
Tastes like over priced cardboard. Its really expensive and just not good.
The customer service is absolutely amazing and the yogurt is yummy. Great place to take the kids
I had so much fun, great place to go on a date or with a group of friends
Was grossed out on Sunday brunch. I think the food is horribly average. Nice to boat to for drinks
I love going to smashburger best chicken love
Cool vibe. Chill and relaxed. Great for kiddos. Food ... meh.
In my one experience - I found Scott Roofing to be reliable, responsive,competent, and trustworthy.
Love the food here, so fresh and tasty, no problems here, I just love the shawarmas, so yummy.
Great local tacos if you want get real food!
Coolest place in Charlotte! Cocktails and food are amazing, service is excellent. Highly recommend.
This place was so bomb.com!!! Very fresh and affordable!!  Up!!!! I highly recommend this place!
The meat wasn't medium like I told them, and the pasta was cooked too short.
Love to come here for the fries and shakes! Delicious and quick, friendly service.
Good beer list, good vibe, and I really like the rooftop patio.
Dirty and super ghetto. Though you probably figured that out as you drove by.
My go-to for everything flowers. Quick, creative, and friendly.  Now permanently closed.
You want a good moving company call them. They took care of everything for me at a good price.
I'm very happy with Dr Patel. He actually listens to and talks to patients! What a concept.
If ur looking for quantity not quality this is for you. There seafood buffet isn't much better.
Good food, friendly staff. It has a casual cozy atmosphere - lots of woodwork, booths and a bar.
Dopest spot. One of my favorite places in the city. Good for brunch, dinner or just drinks.
Great shoes love how they have place were you can try them on and have a variety of shoes
Rude! Bad phone manners! Called about gluten free options and the guys said "NO!" And hung up!
20 minutes for the cheque, service is substandard. Gyros on a pita was alright. Would not go again.
DEEP FRIED PICKLES. Vanilla milkshake. Open late.  Shitty service. Gross salads. Long waits.
High end shopping mall. Bought a pair of Skechers at the Skechers store for my aching feet.
The pizza is great but the salads are the bomb, everything is always fresh and on time
Otto's is now open Sundays Noon to 6pm!!!! Sweet!!
Accidentally came here. My husband and I were amazed by their delicious dumplings! Will visit again.
Love this place..John is the man u want to deal with ..he knows his shit..he ROCKS.. real talk...
First time here. The food is great for the price and the staff are great. Will most likely return.
Love the pav bhaji at this place. Must visit.
The cinnamon roll and cheese Danish are deliscious!!! Will definitely be visiting again!
Best Indian Food!!! Kadhai Chicken, Dosas, Chicken 65, Naan, Mango Lassi.. everything is delicious..
BEST PLACE EVER! I've been 3 times and it is the most amazingest thing ever! U must try it!
Best barbershop in town!! Great traditional African American hair cuts here, Double X is great!!
Always good.  The Jeremiah Red is the best.  Good prices on food during happy hour.
Great food great service! Nice atmosphere! We will come back again soon! Yummy yummy  bigger space
Awesome breakfast items. Hearty and full of flavor. I love the Big Hot Mama Frittata.
The fatoosh salad with chicken shwarma is amazing and our waitress April was excellent!
My daughter, myself, and my boyfriend love the food here! The flautas are our favorite.
Not very customer service friendly. Went here on a Sunday and they acted like they don't know cars
The food was below par and the flavors were either too bleak or too pungent (for garlicky stuff)
John is awesome! Great service and food, he is a great worker! Very satisfied and love this place
Boring pretentious mall with old dated stores
Place isn't great at all, the veggie pizza is thumbs down hands down... Go to Costco!
Awesome place to go with the kids when you got a sweet tooth!   Would recommend to any yogurt lovers
Been here two hrs, no food. Service is perfectly awful. Manager is terrible. Never going NLG back!!
Quality fast food fried chicken! I would reccomend to anyone looking for a quick fried chicken fix
Outstanding and ver professional staff! Dr Dominic Etli  and his assistant Meagan are the best!!
Don't leave a brand new worker by herself. That's just not nice to her or to your customers.
Really good and an exceptional price! Large salads are huge.
Food and service both deserve this rating as does the other location outside of Chicago.
Very delicious food. Too much food for me hahaha the service is good. Ordered Chrispy chicken.
Awful awfully bad service closed 40 minutes early!!!  I hope they go bankrupt as they deserve!
Super cheap drinks n there NOT weak. No table games. Great place to people watch. Always crowded.
This place is the new spot! Amazing service and great food. All their tapas burst in flavor.
Hotel was clean but a little older decor. Staff was super friendly and accommodating.
The chicken caesar sandwich was very good! This is about as tasty as a gyros place can be.
The "all you can eat" is pretty much a borderline scam at $13pp for lunch.  I won't be back
Just got some mutton rolls and the meat is horrible. Ended up throwing it all away. Stay away.
Service was really bad. And food was worse. Only thing we ate was the queso. Main dish was horrific
Friendly Staff. Fast tasty pizza. Lots of beverage options. Good price point.
good stuff!!  Go done the menu and try different items. Customer service is okay but they're quick.
N
Great customer service! Wait time was short! The ice cream is was great and looked like the picture!
Nice place for family and kids.  Pizza was average.
Great service. Kind staff. Love the restaurants view how it's all in one. And good food/affordable
The chrispy pata (Chrispy pork shank) was very tasty.  I will definitely try some other dishes.
Decent club...i thot the music selection wasn't that great. Interiors were ok i guess.
Cierra is the best server. efficient, patient, and such a hoot! will always special request her
based on the photos, it deserves 4 stars already, i will update soon once I get there..
They have multiple flavors and all of them are delicious! Try the juice poppers as a topping
They need mmm ore people working here this place is slow as hell ...hire more tellers ...
Very good massage! I felt relaxed and the music was nice. Very clean. Will come again!
Jovanny was awesome from start to finish!! Thank you!! Great atmosphere and the best salsa ever!!
Good food big salads great wings friendly delivery person very satisfied I will be ordering again
Love this place! Great menu! Cold beer and the wing sauce variety is outbid this world!!
Professional, personable service, excellent work.
Bof. La sp ciale 3 Brasseurs  tait s che et trop sal e. En revanche, le service  tait impeccable.
Only sushi place I will eat at. Fish is always fresh. Mark's roll is one of my favorites.
Marc was extremely helpful in showing us the best microwave for us! Thank you Marc!
My fave local taco spot. Everyone here is so nice- food is good- place is clean and fast.
Amazing Bloody Mary's!
Best pizza in town.
Fajitas were great, margaritas were good.   Chips are fresh.  Kinda typical Tex Mex style.
Yummy. Lots of different flavors and strong, tasty drinks, and nice service. Four thumbs up!
very good seaboat sandwich. Not very fast but the food is fresh and tasty. Easy to park.
Great service at Happy Valley Nails & Spa today! Now I'm relaxed and ready for Valentine's Day!
I love Applebee's Food but this place disappoints me.. Lack of staff, slow service.. /sigh
Die Bedienung war sehr nett. Der Cocktail und die burger waren lecker und die Vorspeise war klasse.
This place is the best!!! Beautiful modern nails and the service is so nice!!! Love you all @ Ken's!
Great Bloody Mary.  Great food.  Huge portions. Service was pretty quick for how packed it was
Fantastic dogs and Italian beef.  Fast service.  Highly recommended for the real deal.
Loved my first experience a mani and pedi with Amanda.  Everyone was very nice and welcoming.
Good food for a nearby. Haven't got tried of it! The warm soup is pretty suitable for the winter
Justin is the real deal!! Very professional, quick & easy to work with!! Highly recommend!!
Had the pleasure of doing a bridal shower at this restaurant and loved it. Tacos were awesome!!!!
Absolutely my favorite by far. Love the sesame seed bagels and blueberry or pumpkin spice spread!
Patties were good. I didn't have room in my stomach to try anything else. Small place. I'd go again.
Good shaved ice with ice cream if you want it a bit of a wait but overall it was good
Delicious! A must try restaurant! I love the Chicken Parmesan and Nutella Banana! 5 star!
Horrible people. They don't even send emails. No notifications about selling your storage. Thieves
https://www.liveleak.com/view?t=9Yz9u_1533499096 Is this the same restaurant?????
We really enjoy coming here. Friendly and quick service. Great food!  Can't wait to return soon!
Excellent chicken wings. The service is great. Nice cozy atmosphere.
The best, Jerry, the best! Everything's good, but the hidden gem is probably the Janina.
The best selection of tap and bottle beer. Awesome burgers, good appetizers, and fun music!
Great place for Hawaiian food. Kaluia pork, katsu chicken, short ribs and Mac salad are all delious.
Always a great time and we'll knowledgeable,  Scarlett, Dan, James, and Steven the best
Pretty basic, decent Vietnamese at a fair price. Good service. The bubble teas are well done here.
Great authentic Chinese food, staff is very friendly and helpful. We are regulars here.
Seriously have to the skills of a defensive lineman to dodge all the up-selling.  Shady!
Skilled, personable, excellent work, terrific prices. The best I've found in Arizona.
"ramen is life"  I have a good life Moko has good ramen cold beer and tasty appetizers.
Yummmmmmmmmmm! This place is super good!
Had the paella and it tasted just like the Vigo red beans and rice from the supermarket.
Service was excellent. !!! Good food and atmosphere was great !  Good value for your money.
This is the best donut place around!Love it here My family and I go regularly its great!
Amazing waffles and ice cream. The wait is generally over 10 minutes but it is worth it.
Fun drink spot for sure! Took a teenage friend of mine with me and the drinks were super fun!
Amazing. Try the 2 slice and drink meat special on Fridays
Dinner gets really loud and busy.  Make a reservation if you can.  Not recommend for first date
Love this place. Very tasty vegetarian, top quality and inexpensive. Too bad hours are limited.
I'm not sure I can add much to the 500+ reviews except to say: one of the best meals I've ever had.
bad food. relaxed upscale atmosphere which does not mesh with the nasty cuisine.
Great logo at a great price, was prompt and easy to work with.
The company did come out and make the necessary repairs, the gate looks pretty good now.
Mary is the best. Mary is awesome. Mary is the bomb. Great people and atmosphere! Love this place.
Good selection of candy and soda pop. You go into sugar coma when you walk in...lol.
Spectacular, island style decor. Our entrees were both delicious.
Ribs are good, sides are lacking taste.
Great and well made furniture!  The staff is helpful and courteous, Thank you!
You will be sorely missed! An icon of Charlotte. And at one point the only market in Uptown!
A little pricey for what I got. The souvlaki wrap was short on meat and a little dry.
Great place to drink margaritas $2 during happy hour. Sarai was awesome she kept them coming.
Why bother?  So many "real food " options at the same price.  Come on people get a life
Amazing drinks , food takes time to be prepared but worth it. Could be cheaper but it's reasonable
Yogis Grill does it again  Great food and great service  Thank you Danny for the help
All I can say is "trash can nachos" soooooooo good and the made at your table guacamole. So awesome
Delicious food and great service. Jeanie was very helpful and offered amazing suggestions.
Kelsey was very helpful and provided me with all the information that I needed to set up my policy
High end mall to shop around. Always fun to walk around nonetheless and browse.
Club sandwich was amazing. Fresh wheat bread real ham turkey and great bacon. Would highly recommend
Always great service and easy flights!  Use SW all of the time!
Delicious food and good price. And very Gogol service
Friggin' sweet pies here! Customa souvice like you wouldn't believe, forget abatt it!
excellent chinese food :-) chef is from NEW YORK .. Tastes like good NY takeout
Love this place. Great vegetarian meals, Always a great evening. Even the kids love it.
Wow.  Really, really great street tacos. Friendly service good food. Couldn't ask for more.
Tasty & Cheap! I used to love their $1 cheese pizza Wednesdays!
Very good selection of food offerings for a family, easy access to seats. Great fan experience!
Very professional and friendly! They don't try and up sale you on things like other places.
Nice lunch place that tastes like home cooked food (and is yummy). Very reasonable prices.
Dolce is the only place i will get a facial ... their staff Is friendly and knowledgeable!
Spicy really means spicy, and medium means medium! Finally a place that got the heat system right!
Rock solid dinner for families in the Regent neighborhood. I like their margaritas a lot!
My son took me here for Father's Day lunch. The ramen was amazing. We will definitely be back
Eli was on time and extremely professional . If you want it done right call United Garage Door.
The Yama Sushi is excellent value and incredibly fresh!
Fabulous meal with a table overlooking the Bellagio fountain. It doesn't get much better than this.
Very small portions for the price. No sauce was put on the bowl or on the side. Food was good.
Such a beautiful park! CLEAN! SHADE! SPLASH POND! Def a great place for the kids & family. Love it!
The facilities aren't as nice as other Korean spas I have been to. The services were great though!
Excellent place for breakfast. The pancakes r enormous! I had the biscuits & gravy. Delicious.
Always a great selection of beers and everything I have ever eaten was good. No bad things to say.
Great food, service, atmosphere and green tea creme brulee! Very reasonably priced too!
We love it here. Great food, great specials, and great service. :) Our favorite local casual bar.
Most authentic Lao &Thai food in Las Vegas , not to mention , the friendliest
Love their scheduling system. Great facilities, in and out within 20mins.
Eric Hart is a top notch person and an amazing loan officer. Working with Eric has been a pleasure!
Food was great! Service was a little slow but they were super friendly:) we will be back!!
Super friendly bartender. Delicious slushy drinks. Definitely will be coming back again.
Smoked chicken was great and the mac and cheese came with friend chicken skins on top!
Pizza took 1 hour and 20 min and was cold when it got here.  Never ordering delivery again!!
Love everything so far...yummy ..The cheese curds with jalapeno ranch sauce is the Best.
David was honest and explained the process thoroughly and finished the repair quickly !
Good Korean food and price is decent and the shake shake. Rice is yummy so far so good :)
Great service and great food! Clean and great Mexican food! By far my favorite Mexican restaurant
Great food, great service, great environment!!! Definitely the type of place our area needs more of!
great place, atmosphere and food is the best and everything.  allan is wonderful.
Best sushi ever! The people working here was so welcoming and nice!! The food was amazing!
I would highly recommend this training business to anyone looking to have a better behaved dog.
Super easy to set up, oh so convenient, and my cat was very calm and beautiful after!
Food was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The server was terrible. Would not eat here again.
Really good coffee, and a great back story. The staff is friendly, and the location is clean.
A really nice coffee shop! Awesome desserts, coffees, smoothies and great service by the owner!
I was married here in 2006 and am currently going through a separation. So, would not recommend.
Overrated, wait was very long it took forever to get our drinks so we left after that.
Delicious food. Good service. But a bit small portion compare to other thai places I've been.
My Fav. Never disappoints.  Excellent service. Go w the specials. Can't lose w this menu !
I have one thing to say. The service is the complete opposite of Chick Fil A. Boom. Roasted.
Awesome repair shop.  Honest and fast. Thanks guys
Definitely try the guacamole sampler. Get the one with the goat cheese. To die for...
Love their lunch specials! Especially the curry!
Great staff very friendly very comfortable place to watch any sporting events or just to relax.
Food was good. Service was not great, but for the price, it was worth the trip.
Great bookstore for bookworms or should I say bookunicorns.  Highly recommend checking it out!
Absolutely love the classes! Hard core stuff, definitely a great workout!
Service slow, crepes served ice cold as were our eggs and bagel. Best thing here was the coffee.
Lots of natives visit for a friendly, hearty meal of comfort foods.
Shang beef noodle was the best. Dan Dan noodle and pork belly noodle soup were way over salted
Very nice hotel. Clean room, pleasant staff, great breakfast. I'd stay here again!
It's too loud, the food's good - not great.I left hungry, even after spending 30 bucks on food.
Sandwich was great and made in like two minutes. Super fast. Super good. Super cheap.
It's fine. It's a Starbucks. Staff was nice, the last time I was there.
Very, very awesome bartender and the fillet men-ion sliders are to die for.
Worth checking out.  The food was good and the scene is relaxed.
Been here several times.  Friendly staff. Great service.  Food is overpriced and meh.
Sat at the bar. Good service. Food was excellent. Had the sea bass.  Would do it again for sure.
C'est acceptable, mais pas exceptionnelle. Dejeuner correct. La poutine dejeuner est interessante!
Awesome food. Love it every time
Amazing place to bring your pets very far from Where we live but had a great experience here
Great family show!  Don't go if you have auditory issues!  It gets very loud- my kids loved it.
chicken taste stiff and blan...overrated....not impressed at... would i come back... nah..
Good food - great staff - 'nuff said. Enjoy this gem !
No taste. Rude customer service, very abrupt. The noodles tastes like plastic, chicken was o-K.
Always come here for oil change and my car maintenance . Friendly staff and decent prices
Fresh. Cheap. Good... Awesome
This is by far the BEST sushi restaurant I've ever gone to.  The Volcano, unbelievable.
Hands down, best Brazilian steakhouse. LOVE this place.
Favorite wing spot in Phoenix!  Thanks to my good friend Robbi G. who turned me onto this place.
Very professional. Asks questions for focus areas. Does amazing work!
Best tattoo Artist I been to. Fly every year from Hawaii to get ink with him. Intro the way to go .
We stayed with 7 of us and had a kickin' time. Sweet service, ono grinds!
Mike was able to come down same day. Cleaned and sealed our all tile home. Great service.
LOVE Port of Subs!  My favorite sub chain.  I just wish they were more conveniently located.
Very good and fast delivery. I had the tandoori chicken and a spicy wrap. Both were excellent!
Best custom shop ever been too! Great service top brand products, and super good installation
I switched to CVS Warner and Dobson much better attitude and service.
The green tea crepe is delicious.  Plus they paint some flowers on the plates.  Beautiful
Great place for breakfast.  HUGE portions. A must go to place while in the Scottsdale  area.
Stinky. Late. Awful. If you have ANY other means to get where you are going, take it.
All of them are rude think there amazing and will get u in trouble for rules never told to you
Oh man! MJ takes the torch for best donuts! So so good! Honestly better than the popular chains.
Food is amazing and david the sushi chef is hysterical funny and fun
Excellent iced Americano!  Very nice "a3deh"! (Arabic for setting)
We had good dim sum and dinners here.  They are crazy busy at lunchtime on Sunday.
Pizza was really good. Wings were even better. Good flavor-able food around the area.
I loooooovvvvveeeeee this place. Amazing food, amazing staff, amazing atmosphere.
Amazing!!! I always get compliments on my hair and no one can ever tell I have extensions!
food is mediocre at best and it's overpriced. I've had better korean before, avoid this place.
Great Ramen! And close to home, had the tonkatsu ramen and karaage (fried chicken). We will be back
Rude and unprofessional service through the drive through window. Horrible parking lot situation.
Love the MOR group! Viva la rent man  Adi and Cassie were a pleasure to work with! Awesome team
Best salad dressing: creamy italian on the house salad goes well with pepperoni pie
I've been coming to Kolbys for the past 25 years... Still the same great service and delicious food!
fried green tomato sandwich will always have my heart
Best pizza in Tempe. Closest thing to NY pizza out there!!!
Amazing food. No diner crap here but unique gourmet like stuff wish we had this in California
Absolutely love the lamb burger!  The owners are super friendly and the service is pretty quick.
Good cocktails, and good snacks. Not a huge fan of their steak or their mussels.
The prices were ridiculously marked up on the beer, wine, and liquor.
Joe is so sweet and prompt- awesome service!!!!i love the food and drinks -love Maggiano's
Not impressed. Food is average and it is way overpriced...
First time here!!! Great service! I was able to sample before purchasing! Friendly staff!
Fantastic steak. Gentlemen's club decor. Professional service. Valet parking. Expensive.
Great quality of steak! No smell of lamb! Kind explanation of menus(you can see the samples!)
This place is just trash. They fuck up your hair and they don't care if you ask them to fix it.
Do you like eerie sounds sydes jta c. Cgg,) has always happened dear lkfcvi d efr xv sf Cxkmgkv. I t
Great customer service! Reasonable prices and quick turnover!! I will definitely be coming back!!!
Love this little spot!  Service and food are great, nice ambiance & a decent wine selection.
Love coming here. The food is wonderful. Their host is super sweet and the servers are great!
I ordered the cauliflower steak and it was unbelievably salty!  Definitely do not recommend.
Poor customer service skills no spontaneous workers here looking for their shift to end basically.
As always place is amazing !!  Staff and food so good. The best    Jon. Amanda Grace the best
Sweet Tomatoes is a family favourite w something for everyone. Never been disappointed!
Their carne asada fries are sooo good. The place is clean and the staff is very friendly.
Nope. Don't go. Overrated overpriced. Super long waits and the biscuits are terrible.
This location is clean, the people are friendly its target not really much to write home about lol.
Says you're open until midnight and it's 9:38pm and you're closed.   Fix your time on yelp.
Best custom pizza ever, super friendly staff, very clean awesome place to goto for lunch or dinner.
Lawrence Ennis is not a man of his word. Heed the reviews and stay the heck away from this swindler.
Food was wonderful, service was great and the decor is beautiful. I highly recommend this restaurant
Amazing office with friendly staff! I will definitely be back when it is renewal time again!
The best jersey mikes ever! Ask for Stephanie to make your sub, she's great and super friendly!
I love this place and would never go anywhere else.  They do a great job!!  Very friendly
I got a gel mani & pedi by Kathy.  I LOVE them they came out perfect and she worked extremely fast!
By far the best customer service! JD was very patient and helpful. I will be shopping here again.
Not bad...normal burger king....descent food and service but the soda machine was broken.  Not cool.
Waited 25 minutes for food and it came out cold. Crap service. Won't bother giving it another try.
Front desk customer service was great. The room was cleaned and quiet. Easy access to valet.
Pulled pork mac and cheese was delicious. Came here with parents.
Me gusta mucho como me dejan mis cejas la se ora para mi es la mejor que tiene buena experiencia
Very good prices and great food. They did not skimp on quality! Will definitely be back!
Mama Mia!! Pesto's is the bestos. Love love love it!! Cant get enough of it!!
Good place to eat and watch any game. Lots of TVs and nice bar. Food is good too for bar food.
The ice cream itself is mediocre. My kids love the frozen ice and eating Captain Crunch ice cream.
The unagi burger was delicious. The eel here is pretty good. Loved it!!! Must try if you're in town!
Great wings. Nice outdoor patio. Good and fast service.
Pizza is great!
Great sushi, but WAY overpriced!!  The LKN area needs a great sushi restaurant with normal prices.
Awesome! Quiet, nice, clean and great service! The food is definitely fresh and very tasty!
Amazing show!  So talented!  No lip synching here--just fabulous voices.
If you enjoy shoe leather disguised as a hamburger...you gotta eat here!
Had a set menu feast with a large group of people. Everything was really good.
The most Unfriendly strip club I have ever been to. Why would you want to spend your money here!
Expensive. Mani and pedi chipped 3 days later
Visited once awhile back and have been craving to go back. Food was absolutely delicious.
I love Dutch Bros!! The employees are all so friendly even when it's over 100 outside!!
Best pork bone soup in town. High quality kbbq that is actually owned by Koreans
Smaller than their last place but the food is just as good.  Best Mexican food in Las Vegas!
Liked it a lot - great patio and great atmosphere. Hope it does really well
Tiny store. Wonderful pens, watches, and leather goods. Helpful staff.
One of my favorite Thai places! Chicken Pad see ew number 6! Papaya Salad! So good!
Definitely worth the 45 minute wait.  Go hungry because the portions are large and the food is rich.
bottomless mimosas and steak & eggs. great brunch
A secret that women had that I found out about The  pedicure. Julie does a nice thorough job.
Very nice and friendly staff. Was recommended to Norma, and she was AMAZING! Highly recommend her!
Pretty expensive, but the flavor can be improved much. The salmon smells weird.
They're open on Sunday now.  Huge plus in my book.  Yay!
You get what you pay for, far off the strip, expect heavy taxi fees
This is a fantastic spot to grab lunch within the museum. Members get 15% off.
Waited for over 25 minutes even when tables where open. Food was basic bar food. Nothing fancy.
Good pizza, big juicy wings, well poured drinks - we will be going back!
Bar food.  My bf had a salad and I had the tacos, $1 special on Tuesday.  Ok but I won't rush back
Good food- friendly help- clean, tide, hometown place. Self help counter for sauces and soda
Best tapinaki around. Love Love Love this place!!! Won't go anywhere else unless I'm not paying lol.
Best.  Really funny flight attendant guy today.  The jokes were non stop.
The gate b club is really nice! Add in the killer mushroom soup i like the direction your going...
Delicious food and good service! My husband and I loved this place. Definitely will be back again.
De-licious. Ye Olde does glazed donuts right and their blueberry cake donut is exquisite!
Great view of the fountains. I enjoyed the lounge band, too.
I have been here a number of times and enjoyed all visits. They have the best key lime pie ever.
By far the best carrot cake I've ever had! Service is great and everything else looks delicious.
This review is solely based on The Ivy Fries. For a cheat meal, these fries are wonderful.
Amazing food and amazing service!!! Highly recommend anything on this menu- best Greek!!
Horrible food. Wretched  service. Vastly overpriced. I would rather starve than eat here again.
Horrible service and waited 15 minutes for teriyaki chicken and 20 minutes in line. Never again
The Cleveland Grill has sadly gone out of business.
The cappuccinos here are smooth and delicious. I love the atmosphere and the simplicity of the menu.
Excellent brunch choices, try the pulled pork eggs benedict
Good variety of tasty food!  Very clean and great service.
Dry&cold. Doesn't get any worse then that. Fry's were hot but definitely  not fresh.
Update !   Still love this nail salon !
Overrated. Salty meat - ask for no salt and they'll make it for you.
This was the best massage. Really gets those pressure points. Highly recommend. Clean and wonderful.
Service was good.  Food was horrible along with the atmosphere.
Go here for weight loss if you want to be humiliated and fat shamed by nurses and "doctors."
Love this place  Good food and service  Great atmosphere. Take a walk in the junction for icecream
This place is overpriced for what you get....the food is okay.  Not very authentic.
Very very good. Impressed with everything I have tried on the menu. Amazing pulled pork!
Love this place! Best burgers in Tempe and the best prices. The fries are great too.
Great haircut here today with Hugo. Amazing attention to detail.
Can't get better than this  -Liver and Onion -Fried Chickin' with Gravy and Sweet Jam
Great location, staff and beer. I don't have to drive to San Diego for a great craft beer.
Thought it was great food. Creative, tasty, huge portions. Would go again.
Doesn't get any better, only different.  Vampiros are the bomb!
Nyema is a blessing had been looking for 3 years for stylist since moving to Vegas. Glad she's here.
This place is terrific!! Good menu, good service. Love going here for lunch.
Seanpaul was great to work with and gave us a killer deal. I highly recommend him and mattressfirm!
Had a great time on Comedy Night. Drinks are reasonable, fun crowd.
It is pretty awesome and worth the wait. The shrimp burger is too die for!!!!
Delicious.  Well spiced, big portions, very satisfying.
They do a great job!! Friendly and got all my pet stains out!! Highly recommend them!!
Overall a good place to live. Matinence requests can sometimes take a while.
The sushi burger is amazing! The rice is very good, I'll recommend this place to anyone.
The best all you can eat catfish, coleslaw, sweet pickle relish and hush puppies in Las Vegas.
Clean. Quick and easy. Friendly staff. I couldn't believe how fast the pick up and drop off was!
Great coffee, great service. We visit the various locations almost every weekend.
Had a great dinner at HOB tonight. Jennifer knew the menu and gave us excellent recommendations.
You won't find better pizza delivered to you door. You just wont. NY style and super delicious!
Everything they have said about the Graze burger is true. It is worth it :)
Nice place to look at.  Sour light roast espresso if you're into that.
Great service. Easy to make appointments, in and out quickly.
This was a cool show. I did feel rushed to eat. Food was well seasoned finger licking good. lol
short and sweet.   due to my diabetes, i can't really eat donuts. i just love DD's coffee.
Great Taco Tuesday deal. Love the blackened grouper sandwich too!
New owners! So much better! Best pedicure that I have had in a long time! Highly recommend!
Food was good, service was average with a general pretentious vibe from staff, especially the hosts.
What a welcoming experience from Sam and his staff. My grandfather really enjoyed the special treat!
It's fun to take low-fat yogurt and dump 5000 calories worth of candy and junk on top of it?
Nice place, center of everything and cool decor.  Modern, concrete and semi-open bathroom.
I'm sure they serve more than 44 steaks per day. Being their prime location and ample foot traffic.
Expensive and salty... Nothing was memorable kinda disappointed
Deanna, Lee Lee, Linda and Trami are all WONDERFUL! Very friendly salon! I love it!!!
Super like their Rum Raisin ice cream  It's a sweet tooth kind of day or night when visiting here
Vegas best A must for all come hungry go home happy even my item is great pot pie is my favorite
Great selection of donuts! They are also very delicious. AND they're open 24 hours. Will return.
Rebecca is great - my skin looks amazing after the treatments!
Definitely one of the best farmers' markets in the U.S., period.
You can't get ahold of them unless you physically go into the store. They never answer their phones
Cool, interactive museum. Stopped here on a whim and glad I did.
The Chicken Pad See Ew was delicious! It was full of flavor. I will definitely come back for more!
The all you can eat special is an awesome deal! Great price and the food was really good too.
I'v worked there and the place is DISGUSTING in the back. Go check the back out for yourself man!
Friendly courteous service. I'll definitely call them again when in Lakewood.
These guys are fantastic, always great service & results... I refer them to everybody.
From the moment I walk in the door,  best massage experience ever. Great people, great ambience!
Worse pharmacy service ever!! 4 just standing there when people are waiting.  So  rude.
Every time I'm in Vegas I have to stop by. Today I try Melted cheese cake so delicious
       
Awesome sandwiches and fries!  Has other sub places beat by far!
Good haircut and reasonable.
I love it, the food, the drinks, the atmosphere, my favorite PGH restaurant
All my food came out fresh and it taste extremely good!!! I highly recommend this place.
One of my regular places to shop. Great selection and helpful staff.
Bad experience.. Demanded tip for bad service. Bad behavior. Veg food tastes non veg..
Went to wine fest here! It was a great time, lots of vendors and people. Lines moved pretty quick.
Wow we can't count our drawer while we are open let's close. Maybe find competent people.
Amazing food and drinks with knowledgeable staff. It is an expensive place to be, but is worth it.
Great place for indian punjabi style food. Have a decently priced takeaway menu.
Loved the outdoor patio area. Try the Blackberry Peach Muffin and Lavender Mocha.
Best dive bar. Ever.  Go see Beth and order yourself a "Clint Black." You can thank me later.
Very good. Dim Sum reasonsbly priced for Vegas. Noodles were very tasty. Service was excellent.
Great deal! Professional and friendly service! Buying a car made easy! Thanks Mike Harris and Yogi!
Painless check in and VIP experience. Primus sucks!
One word. Unbelievable.
The LensCrafters team was wonderful, kind, and the service was speedy!  Thanks
Best dessert experience we have ever had.  Great plating and presentation by a genius pastry chef.
Best sushi in Cleveland. I definitely recommend the dynamite roll and the shrimp avacado salad!
Bianca is 5 Star. Door men are great. Dancers are okay.
Burgers are aaaaamaaaazinggg!  And love the chocolate custard on a cake cone it's to die for!!!!!
This campus is beautiful! Grab a book, learn something!
Black beans are vegetarian. Other beans aren't. Limited vegetarian menu!
Unbelievably delicious savory and sweet crepes and lite bites. Perfect service and good value.
The pizza is always great. Recommend the BBQ chicken pizza with bacon and banana peppers.
Meh. If you're looking to experience FRIENDS without the cast and with "mood lighting" go here.
Usually the pizza is good kind of disappointed they were very burned and had giant dough bubbles
Scrubbi was very friendly and very thorough. It was a pleasure having them in my home.
The chicken and waffles were on point tonight delicious flavorful light and fluffy the chicken bomb
Typical cheap pizza. Tomato sauce is uneventful. OK, but nothing really special.
It was a nice bar with a great mix of people. Food was good, only had some appetizers.
Good breakfast if you're not watching your weight. Service, prices and variety are all OK.
Amazing place there is always a line but they move really fast! Best tacos in Las Vegas
My partner's favorite mocha. One of my favorites. Gets very crowded, but good place to go to.
Get 1 campechano (or carnitas) taco;  get 1 milanesa torta;  get 1 mexican soda.  Enjoy. Be happy.
New store and one of the better Ross's around. Everythin is organized for a change and is clean :)
meh, i would've rather been asleep in my cozy bed
Great staff always very nice, helpful and friendly. I feel really comfortable asking any questions.
I have been a neighborhood customer for 19 years. Thank you Vons for always having what I need.
Ordered a broth bowl, I swear they gave me half what they advertised.
I so enjoyed the artistry and imagination brought into the food! Will definitely be back!
Great service food was really good. They cooked my husbands steak wrong but he ate it anyway.
Great food and the staff have amazing service, i couldnt believe how attentive they were
The black girl working here has the worst "I don't want to be here" face. Absolutely disgusting.
Don't go here. Waste of time and money. Very unprofessional compared to other clubs in the area.
Great place to take a date. Candles, bar, great food.
Definitely had an interesting, fun experience. Really busy, but it's a pretty cool place!
Ignorant people. Cashier sucks! Miserable cashier that never smiles. Who hired this guy!!
Dont recommend for dark sking people... didnt work... and too expensive
Bon, c'est pas le meilleur Ramen que je connaisse.
3rd time back in a month. Great service, great food, awesome value. Never disappoints.
It's pretty good for being in Vegas. But can't compare to authentic Chinese dumplings.
Went there for coffee and what a surprise .  Ordered an Americano and it was the worst ever.
Fresh cakes, reduced in sugar and made with natural ingredients, highly recommended for parties
Welcome Diner redacts negative reviews. ????
Short ribs with black beans sauce - 3 stars Seafood with tofu - 3 stars Wonton noodles - 3 stars
Boba is always on point and the food is good too!! Addicted to this place my kids loves it
Awesome books, and they're right next to trader joes, shit there goes my weekend...
Very good, would go back again. The mashed potatoes are just like my family makes them at home.
Needs more parking and wings could be saucier, but totally solid.
Empty flight...gotta love all the room...and the peace and quiet:)
It was a rainy day when we went and this place did not disappoint! Great soups options!!!
Are here twice.  Both times were great.  Friendly staff and good food, cheap and convenient.
Great local place. Excellent burgers, sandwiches and sodas.
Their 'chicken steak' is my go-to combo.  Cash only.
Donuts looked delicious, but after seeing ants all over multiple trays, I lost my appetite.
It was good. Needs to still work some of the kinks out. Must order- charcuterie! Fabulous
New patent and an here for an extraction. Hope all goes well did great. Will return if need
Really delicious food, drink, snack... Everything is awesome!!! Definitely lovin' here 100%~~~
I like the pescatarian and vegetarian options! I wish the salsa containers were bigger.
Stopped in today for lunch. This place ROCKS! Great food, great service, & great atmosphere.
Great place for kids, love their pizza. And not as expensive!
This branch has helped is out with business accounts, car loan, mortgage, and personal accounts.
So incredibly fun!  Devon was awesome!  Beautiful area to explore in Old Town Scottsdale.
Small nondescript  on the out side. Lovely Mexican restaurant on the inside. I'd definitely go back
Quick and great service!  Awesome subs, most recently tried the Far Out Chicken and was impressed.
Village in kicks ass all over Dennys. I won't eat at Dennys ever again if I can find a village in.
Very good and the price is right for Vegas!  I highly suggest the spicy pork burrito.
The best sushi ever!!! Great service great food  I'll come back for sure  Better to call before
Installations design, tr s r ussie et  quipe de salle professionnelle agr able. Tr s bon accueil.
The fried foods were on the greasy side but the service was fabulous and so were the burgers!
Great job cleaning my winter coat! Careful employees.
 . . . . . . . . !
Delicious Donuts! Great prices! I can't wait to return! Highly recommend!
Finally, real espresso in North East Ohio!  I've been looking for authentic espresso here for years.
Ich war hier zum Abendessen. Es ist ein sehr gem tliche neighborhood Nar und Restaurant
I love the pizza here.  It is my new favorite NY style pizza.  The calzones are fantastic, too.
The staff is super helpful and knowledgeable.  My go to vape shop.   Keep it up guys.
so slooooooooooooow.  but i'll go back because it is a 3 minute walk away and they have a full bar.
Great Authentic Mexican fare. I recommend the spicy pork-worth the wait!!
I love the drinks here. Tried the mango slush with mango jelly and boba and it was great.
Worth the wait on the weekends.  All the food is very classic American style and delicious.
Damnnn Daniel. This place rocked more than Creed in the 90's. 6 stars and the sak  is bomb .
Hey you can't beat 3 dollar beer all day! Plus free pool as well.   I come here for the great pizza.
My family loves coming here about once a month! Quick, yummy, and they are very friendly!
Just a great experience all around.  I had the sage chicken and waffles.  It was divine.
The Burger I had was fantastic!     Great Selection of Beers and other Bar Goodies!
enjoyed it but i can go without my plate looking like jumanji...
European quality and selection... Rude unhelpful management... Lots of other choices.
Love this place! My coworker introduced me and I have introduced my family since then.
Good food, prices ,$7-8, portions could be a little larger. Nice ambiance. Fast friendly service.
Pathetic excuse for pizza. It ended up in my tree. I am serious.
Just at here and its fantastic!!  Service great and very attentive. Will definitely be returning
Great food and prices. The people are really nice.  Try the greek omelet.
Can't go wrong with this lunch spot it's fair prices and the kababs are very flavorful.
Went and got lips done and Mary is the best . She wont over do it. Make you look beautiful
Excellent work, superb service. Nicest shop I've seen in awhile both work and customer service.
Best place in the valley for cigs! Inexpensive and fast assistance. Loveeee the drive thru option!!
Excellent food. Glad I came here. Worth the trip. Will be back next time in Toronto
Great selection and always able to have a sample before you buy. Limited table space so come early!
Best nachos! BBQ pork and filet mignon nachos are a don't miss. Also peach margarita is delish!
Dr. DeVor and his staff are great. Everyone is nice, professional and prices are fair. I recommend!
Service is great and very friendly.  The Tres Leche cupcakes are OUT OF THIS WORLD AMAZING!  Wow!!!!
Shrimp & crab salad awesome, as well as the fresh oysters, great service.
Tasty food but they overly charged for delivery even when ur really close to the restaurant...
If you want to be scammed as well as experience the worst customer service in AZ. Go here.  Un real!
Not kind of restaurant. The food is good and the portions are generous. Just not my favorite.
Very impressive acrobatics. The slow times are weird and not that funny.
Good albeit expensive drinks BUT the gorgeous Asian bartender was awesome!
Excellent food.  Service was wonderful.  Really enjoyed the lasagna.  Highly recommend.
My daughter & I love coming here. From the flavors to the service this place is great!
Food was ok. Better than chili's but not the best on Gilbert road. Atmosphere was fun.
One of our favorite places ! Always more than enough food that is fresh and well prepared !
Great service all around! You definitely leave with a food coma! Their food is delicious!
Great new addition to squirrel hill!
The best Mr. Sub in town! They do not cheap out on the toppings! Bread is always fresh!
Best hot dogs i had in my life!  Also surrounded by bars. You can go wrong with that!
dinner was AMAZING!  Nothing else to say.  See the pics.
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a fun casual night in Ballantyne!
Very reasonably priced on used tires. I've been there twice and plan on returning as needed
Really good sushi! John took my order and helped with all my questions! Thanks for all your help!
Always good predictable service and food.
Fast, fresh, perfect lunch spot.  Jose is always here taking good care of the lunch crew from work!
Fantastic, real Italian food. One of my favorite places to go. Go here right now!!
Excelente atenci n de parte de anyoly y los mejores precios recomendados al 100%
Wonderful experience! Ambiance is so inviting!! Highly recommend this little treasure!
I love Dolce!!!
If you're really craving Thai food. Don't order from here. It was edible but not Thai.
So so food. Nothing to write home about, but decent enough for a quick and affordable lunch.
2nd time eating at BeeGee and food was great again. We will be back again.
Really bad service.  Took forever to bring out our food.  The chicken was completely burnt.
Food was good, but worst service ever. Tables were dirty, no napkins drinks took forever to come.
Great pizza! Our favorite is the chicken ranch. Quick delivery and a great staff.
Everything thing was good until I found a bug in my salad! Co-workers salads were fine
Excellent food! Very quick too. My favorite Chinese food place.
Best Greek food I have tasted in a restaurant. Very close to authentic Greek cooking!
Went in for a quick juice and ended up grabbing a salad.  Pleasantly surprised.  Well worth a visit.
35 mins for 2 small fries ... wast of time and money don't come here!!!! Very upset costumer
Across the street from the Encore- easy walk- authentic food. Try a little of everything. Winner.
By far the best hotel on the strip!  Stayed in the tower suites and I'll be back again
Found this gem from a co-worker of mine. I loved it, alot of choices. Only issue is customer service
Great food, great service, location is good. Very easy to find, free parking. But its overpriced
Dr Yosza is fantastic!! Very smart and caring. Always punctual and easy to get an appointment with.
Great good and beer!  Food portions are very large!  Only downside.......very loud atmosphere.
Decent food but leaves a lot to be desired. I'd stay away from the Thai food.
We really like their meat lover's pizza and it's convenient to pick up! Delivery is a little pricey.
Sill the best breakfast bagel sandwich
Very kind people.  Clean facility, no bells and whistles.
Delicious breakfast bagel sandwich. The people reminded me of the best bagels back on Long Island!
Consistent and nice option in the Southpark/Cotswold area. More simple items are some of their best.
The food is tasty but it is way overpriced for what you get. Definitely not worth the cost
Great pizza, different from the rest!   Great drinks and service will make you want to go back!!!
Fantastic food!!! The drinks are good too!! Some of the best food we've had in Vegas.
Just had a taste of the Ribeye Bistecca. (thanks Jan & Dave) awesome great flavour.
Good food but horrible and rude service. Would rather take out than eat at the restaurant.
Good lunch specials. Good service, alright prices.
I really liked this store! Good dog treats, friendly service.
Great food but the plates are so damn hot!
Very Professional and great at communication. This was the second time we have used them.
just one response nasty yuck dirty nasty
This place was great. New. Good ppl. Great meds. Francisco was a great budtender. Very knowledgable.
No guilt ridden upsales. They actually value you as customer. Car comes out clean. Very happy.
In PGH... 1. The best brunch  2. The best friend chicken 3. The best Bloody Mary bar 4. Nuff said
Loud, obnoxious place.  Service was sooo slow.  Food passable.  Never going back.
Good atmosphere, decent food, not too extremely expensive. Nice in between bar food and fancy food.
Marcy gave an amazing scalp massage thank you so much I felt relaxed after the first 2 minutes!
Great service. Reliable, friendly and I'm a repeat customer.
Great place for breakfast (bacon, eggs, potatoes, etc.).  Excellent service.
Favourite Korean restaurant in town. a+ for their pork bone soup which I get every visit.
Good food but they have become over priced.still better then you Ramiro's or Filiberto's
I'm a big fan of mc d's but I was expecting more when I saw pork chop biscuit what a fail.
Unbelievably cool.  Part music venue, part bar and just an amazing place to hang.
DO NOT GO HERE!!! Got food poisoning from this location. So sad loved pita jungle too.
Phil runs a tight shop. Glad to help him out.
Yep service stinks.
So...don't go there for mimosas. It's all orange juice. Oh yea and don't go there for good service.
I love this office, Dr Mayer and his staff are amazing, very professional  and very knowledgeable!
Some of the best cuisine I've eaten in Phoenix! If you like bold fresh flavors, this your place
lots of high end name brand shops but pretty nice
Went in For a vehicle inspection, Fast & Great Service!!! I Highly Recommend this place !!!
the brisket is to die for! also, you are missing out if you dont get the corn on the cob!
Had a great Saturday brunch with friends sitting outside. Good food, service, coffee and mgmt.
Friendly people with great food.  The schwerma was good, but the kabobs and hummus are great.
Great food, fantastic service definitely will be back. Pancakes are huge and the skillet is awesome.
We had to try while in Scottsdale! Must try the Avocado Toast with Furikaki!
Found off yelp. Very close to hotel. Delicious salsa and great atmosphere! Love the name too!
Excellent service provided quickly. Will use for my Apple repairs, as recommended by Apple.
Pretty good bar food. Service sucked. Rank amateurs.
Amazing scones!  Great breakfast food.  All around wonderful little place.
Food is relatively bad but in a pinch.  The only plus is the outside seating.  Good people watching.
For Madison Standards this place is good with reasonable prices and very friendly service.
This place changed my life. 10/10 would recommend. One time, i ate this 7 days straight!
BAM!  Emeril is a winner!  Food and service are great.  We didn't have anything we didn't enjoy.
Awesome service! My burger was amazing!!  Tried the oxtail chili fries omg it's a MUST have
Good food and service!
My Buddy Chris shoves  me your Grub and I lick my fingers all Thanks For your Business... Good Grub
Bartender ANDRE is amazing.  Me being away from home he made me feel at home...if that makes sense.
Over $320 for a color and blow-dry. I think not.  NOT impressed.
Just perfect !!!  For what it is!!!  Down to the Edison light bulbs from rejuvanation!!
Jjanga!! The korean ice cream cookie is the shiznit!!! And they never fail on the sushi!!
Elise is the best!!!! She is excellent at her job and makes waxing practically pain-free.
Zumanity burger Cajun salmon burger Long wait for food Soggy fries Burgers were good Pickle is good
Customer service at the service centre is really bad. They seem rude and so lazy to work.
Wynn is the best hotel in verges , they have the best food and this place look amazing !!
Jay did an excellent job on cleaning our area rugs. We will definitely be a repeat customer.
I Absolutely love the food here, Ambience is good and they have a friendly staff. Highly recommend
Great food, I am a jiimmy guy but I am starting to like them more and more every time I eat there
Damn good craw fish & shrimp.
Oh man I thought it's ok food but my last meal from there made me sick. Lots of washroom trips. Bad.
Its gross! Their dim sum is nasty and hard! Their noodle soups are so so. Not that great.
My wife and I refinanced with them and it was painless. Very happy with the level of service.
They did a great job! I got a gel manicure and my mom a pedicure. Super fast and great quality.
Nice patio seating area. Quite, dark, cool environment. Good choice for a weekday date.
Bomb off the strip taco stand. This place is aleays crowded.
Great ambience! Walking distance from major hotels and casinos. Fresh tasting as well!!
Excellent as always!! Can't go wrong here with anything from the menu!!
See my review for New Year's Eve.  A much better experience.
This place is not good, their tacos have no flavor, the salsas suck the whole thing is just bad
We ate poutine with chicken outside. It was amazing. The atmosphere was great and our food was yum!
Loved this place a lot! Esp for my first ever massage, it was beautiful and a great experience!
Smudges does an awesome job! The owner is also such a fun and energetic woman! I highly recommend!
Avocado toast and lentil soup were awesome. Quaint cafe with fun decor. Service was a little slow.
Looks like Bistro has called it quits. No activity in a week and it looks empty. We'll miss them.
Incredibly knowledgeable and motivating instructors! Very intense and fun training! 5 stars
Legit yumminess. Tijuana torpedo is my pick and if i need a change i do the chicken breast.
Tapas only. Deviled eggs were good. My husband liked the meatballs. Not a place for dinner.
Great food, people, value.  A favourite place in the neighbourhood!
Excellent fast service ! They take very good care of your hair and are skilled in doing black hair!
I've gotten their wings for parties and they're always a big hit. I would highly recommend for this.
Prices are good. Service is slow. I have waited 45 minutes to talk with someone. Place is run down.
Not many choices, Feast buffed at Red Rock Casino is much better
The crew planting the tree (7!) were efficient and clean - very happy with my purchase and delivery
Decent chicken kabob pita...the kabob chunks were way to big and should have been cut in half.
Always love this place, I in fact crave the cake batter and mochi!
Dented the roof of my car while mounting safety lights.
Location is why I live here. Close to everything. Pet friendly and there is even a pool!
Paul is only person my young son will see and it's been a great experience for years!
Great atmosphere, great raw oysters, surprisingly good Lobster Roll and great server Luis!
Great happy hour prices. Super ice cold drafts and bottle's!   Gonna make it a regular stop.
Love this place! Wish I had money to buy franchise. Simple, neat and clean space and eating.
sandwiches and panini gril... nuff said
Ebonee knows her craft.  I finally found a hair stylist that knows how to straighten my hair.
I love it the flavor of the island great atmosphere and amazing wait staff  Come enjoy
A must try. Line is long but so worth it. The meat is so tender. And the toppings are fresh.
Food was just ok. Expensive for what little you get. 2 burgers, 2 sodas and 1 fry. $40.
Michelle is the highlight of my move to CLT...her waxing & nail skills are phenomenal.
Awesome haircuts, great customer service, and professional atmosphere. Keep up the great work guys!
Just because I love the place. They added all new scoring and furniture and flooring to the place.
Had two different dishes and both were very good and plentiful.   Staff was very friendly.
These guys do a great job, are honest and have great tire prices.
where are all your wonderful reviews?
The staff are super nice and helpful. Me and my friends love coming here to hang out and race!
This place is delicious. Two thumbs up, real N.Y style pizz. Just gotta try, trust me
This location is closed.
Bless you, Basha family, for sharing these treasures with us!  What a wonderful collection!
Food was excellent. Service was phenomenal. Atmosphere perfect for a special occasion.
Great place for some great Italian food-  Service is prompt and menu has a lot of choices.
Good, quick, friendly service.  My daughter had iced Carmel mocha....
I've never had a bad experience here. Their food and attentive service is always top notch.
Terrible customer service and disrespectful owner. Do not recommend using this business.
Well.. It's one of my favorite spots for a healthy breakfast.  Their pressed juices is amazing.
Drove here, paid for parking, this place doesn't exist anymore. Ugh.
Cheeseburger sliders were.. aight. Not worth it for the price.   Service was friendly.
The best ice cream place in Calgary- without a doubt!
Dam just say this restaurant on TV ..sad they closed the husband was hella stupid !!!
Best salon love my hair it's always flawless. Simply my little secret for good looking hair.
Best foot spa I have been to in AZ!  Exceptional service and top notch massage
Great place!! Rooms are awesome, their cheapest rooms look like villas. No casino though.
By far the best place to eat at in CLE Airport. The Pot roast sandwich is killer.
Great hotel friendly staff Best choc chip cookies! Had a great stay
Amazing! Place to have drinks after the aussie heat show. Service was great and Atmosphere was cool.
My fav hotel + clubs in town= all in one place. period!
Keeping up the high standards of the rest of the chain for healthy prompt quick tex mex style food.
It's always open and has deep fried mars bars ... need I say more?
Small shop with stock of fresh cheesecakes, cookies for that sudden craving after lunch!
Excellent eats... no fanfare accomodations but it was clean and friendly.
I'm upgrading to five stars. Loren went above and beyond to solve my nonprofit tax issues.
Decent food. Had lamb chops for the entree, was a little too salty.
Great service from Edward! Informative and fair pricing! Family business over 30 years.
Visited Blondies last week, both wendy and anna were great servers. Will go back next time in vegas.
Awesome place, great people!!! They make their juice in house so you know what you are getting.
Food is quite decent, just not a-m-a-z-i-n-g. I like it.
Highly recommend! They made my leather jacket like new! I'll never go anywhere else again
Three Spirits. Three years in. Still just as awesome. If you haven't been, quit playing.
We got a GoldenDoodle from here and it had parvo and died within a week. Refund was given.
Best KBBQ in town!  Can't go wrong with any dish and the staff is helpful and friendly!!!
One of my favorite taco spots in the Biltmore area! Definitely recommend.
They know their stuff.  Our family buys all of our bikes here.  Would highly recommend.
This place totally surprised me!  Def check it out.  Food, service, desert!!! Bring your appetite!
Amazing place !!! Awesome staff, craft beers, bacon, and good grub!!! Football and Hockey here...
The resort has lost some of its luster.  The bathrooms were very dirty and the food was just ok.
Debbie was amazing and really took her time with my injections! She was great!!
The pimento cheese dip will literally change your life. Don't leave LGO without trying it!
Grilled cheese and parm fries were outstanding!! Love the outdoor patio.
Great bang for the buck. Had veggie thali and salty yogurt.
Kenny is the best pool service guy in the world.
Do you know where they moved? Looking for Dr Kevin Ramsey, he was the best.
Had the Drunken noodles for lunch. Food was great service was quick and price was excellent.
Is it really hard to not mess up an order? Oh I guess it is.
This place has GREAT fresh Chinese food.  They are newer so a little slow at times but so worth it!!
Awesome turkey cranberry !
Best Chinese food restaurant for it's prices and quality in Henderson and possibly in Las Vegas.
Ear here now. This place is fantastic. The owners are friendly and the food is amazing.
Absolutely ridiculously amazing! Chicken Tikka masala was perfect. Best I've ever had!
Wow, dirty bathrooms, dirty concession stand. Just eww.
Omg, what a great place! Awesome food and great service. A little smoky but very cute.
I've ordered from here 5 times in the last week! Amazing poke, always fresh and flavourful.
The atmosphere is very casual, buy they do make some great pizza.
EEEH. Food has gone downhill. Portions are still large, but everything falls apart.
Really the best brunch in town. Hotel guests get a line pass to avoid the hour plus wait.
Great food and great ambience, live music on Thursdays.
Pretzel sticks beer and burgers.
Jessie in service is a rock star!!! Always kind, helpful and very customer service friendly.
Food was great but the service sucked, We sat at the bar
Garlic parmesan wings are delicious. Disappointed no Erdinger on draft.
First time here for breakfast.  It was good.  Nice, new location with good customer service.
Wow wow wow le poulet et les rib super bon super resto juste il y a jamais de parking
Biggest disappointment of my entire trip & Worst "Magic" Show I have ever seen.. Save your money!
Just ordered a chicken club for delivery and I couldn't believe how burnt my pizza was!!!! WTF?
Three of us had the steak frite - fantastic!  Reasonable prices and a great meal.
Did not like it the first time I went there.  Getting better every time since!  Give it a chance!
Awesome, tasty food! Chicken katsu was particularly good!
Great burgers, great prices.  Fries could improve
Not much to talk about, who hasn't been to walmart, we all know what to expect!
Fuking amazing food wow!
Amazing all u can eat sushi but wish the staff was little nicer otherwise it's amazing
Great chicken  hot sauce is actually hot. 6 dollars swarm including tax love this place
I love Ginger! Huge portions and so delicious! Their shrimp over rice is really good :)
Great sandwiches, quick service.   Consider wider selection of chips.
Had a Brazilian Blowout with Latoya last week. Did an excellent job. Would highly recommend her!
There's always a wait but the food is amazing. The oyster shooters are fresh and highly recommended
An amazing place to.give yoir spirit the spa day it needs!
We work in Infusionsoft's Elite Momentum group. Invaluable training for small business owners.
Great people and repair!!! Highly recommend! Quick and prices are good! Lots of items for $5
Great ice cream.  Great staff. There was a young boy training and he did a great job.  Kudos!!
Great atmosphere, original and well-crafted cocktails and concoctions, smart staff. Give it a whirl.
Excellent service in a very contemporary office with a lot of newer technology to assist patients.
The pesto pizza was very good, the potato pizza was pretty bland.
Don't bother if you are over a size 8. However, their seamstress is great.
Actually I have a question For pottery painting can we take back ho the pottery that we paint 
Yummy! My nephew and niece love their ice cream. And they have non-dairy choices too :)
Hotel with Best Decor on the Strip Just gorgeous.
Food was good, server was slow and the restaurant was dead....
In-n-out   Smashburger   Fatburger  'nuff said
Awesome care. Everyone was super nice the dr was very gentle and our puppy was happy in the end.
Everything was great! Great service and good atmosphere. I would come back here in a heart beat.
One of my favorite places for bruch. never disappoint me with their waffles and Benedict.
I was not impressed with this place at all!  Over priced and the food was not what I expected.
The food tastes ok but the portions are small and pricey. I would give this place another try.
I went back. I thought I will give a try again.  Disappointed.  Oil curry
I ordered pad Thai and love the taste . Much better than other places I have tried . =)
It was filet not a burger that was cold. Got an extra bread roll due to the long wait
Nice staff, and they give good suggestions on drinks. Also way shorter wait than Starbucks.
love the in-n-out.  fast service, consistently good burgers, fries and milkshake are good prices.
Everything on the menu is amazing! I loved the burnt honey ice cream for dessert!
Exactly what I wanted...yummy fish and chips, 2$ hefewiezen at happy hour and excellent service!
Love coming here to get my hair cut. Friendly staff; affordable prices. They know my whole family.
Nice nail salon. Comfy pedicure chairs. Vivian did a great job with the pedicure & massage.
fire emoji. fire emoji. fire emoji. hands down the best korean bbq. denise was a great server.
Hands down the best burrito in AZ. I have been search for years and I finally found the place.
The quality of the food really is notably bad. Even for a cheap Chinese takeout place.
Il existe de meilleurs spots   Poutine que celui-ci   Montr al.
Great prices, Friendly Service (thanks Mike), Tasty bacon burgers and orange cream blended float.
The worst sushi I've ever had anywhere. If you enjoy good sushi then this isn't the place for you.
I got an iced cafe canadien and they used maple syrup for their sweetness and it was delicious!
My favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. Best selection of fish that I have found.
Jeff was awesome, great service and support. Hooked me up with a stellar dash camera.
The Uptown venue for CharlotteONE and a beautiful place to connect with God!
Great experience. Nice staff.. very QUICK and DELICIOUS. A little pricey but portions are HUGE!
I absolutely love this place! Only $2 cash for an amazing ice cream sandwich! Delicious!
They also forgot to reset the oil change warning message.
Way over priced.  Shame cause the place before was affordable and had great coffee.
Food was decent, as was the service. Kitschy decor was cute.  Adequate experience for breakfast.
Perfect quick stop had a meeting in chandler and worked for a few hours. Great coffee
I got the boneless wings which were obviously frozen.  Freaking Terrible!
BEAUTIFUL GIRLS no fat chicks here or even chubby ones (YAY!) fully nude and full bar.PERFECTION
My favorite Iranian pizza place in Toronto. Ordering time takes long almost always.
 nice pro   
Great listener; has a sense of humor and give you options.  Staff is very efficient.
Great food and service!  Had the salmon, collard greens and chocolate/chocolate cake.  Will be back!
Great service from Ron by the bar! Thanks for the house margarita!!
Why not all Taco Bell locations are like this!? This is amazing! Great vibes and baja blasts!
First time checking this place out. Awesome service and better yet, delicious cupcakes!
Had my brows done today. Fallon was great and I love the final product. Love the shop!
amazing smoke shop! variety and great selection, staff is super helpful!! def coming back.
Use to be a hook up but they one again changed the size of 5 pizza smhhhhh. Glade I'm moving away
Best chicken nachos, mexican corn, chicken breast, great all the way around.
If I eat there I always get sick and my belly always hurt I don't know why?..........:.:
2 things make this a place to go: Josh and Kobe Sliders. Check it, you will not be disappointed.
Small but good menu. Jerk chicken, oxtail are great.
Good place. Affordable. The employees are very nice. They're very prompt with tire repair.
Great beer prices at happy Hour. The wraps are pretty darn good too.
Great Service, honest and respect his appointments.
Service, food, and prices are great.  only complaint we have is they play the music toooooo loud.
Meetup spot of all the enlightened glalactics in town. Best vegan spot in town hands down.
Great pizza, nothing more nothing less, I would stick with the Settebello pie, it's the best
Nice vacuum job. Spent lots of time on interior. Exterior looks great. Free merry-go-round for kids.
Deeeeeelicious.  Drop the Pepsi products and I'll bump you to five stars.
Great place to eat. Good portions and friendly people. Be sure to say "yes" to garlic sauce.
This is THE place to go for poutine. Recommended by a local. So many creative options. Must try!
A good game, a good ball park.  This is my home team.  Go Tribe!
Three Birds did the classy thing and sent us a $50 gift certificate for our troubles.
IMHO the best House Lo Mein in the area. Love the food, the service and the price!
It was kool took my kids here nd they liked it. Nothing really to do but it was fun to stop by.
Long wait for ok food.  Cuban was nothing to write home about.  Clean place.
So slow! I'm an ex-employee, these girls were so incompetent it was driving me nuts.
Food was delicious, menu was quite unique. Fashionably industrial and driftwood feel; very trendy.
First time to Vegas, first time to Fuel Bar. Effing amazing! Santiago and all the crew are awesome!
Outstanding little place for coffee fans. Customer service is great!!
Never a disappointment.  The staff is great and they offer sushi at a reasonable price.
Their Jameson burger is amazing - I'd highly recommend it. Great and friendly service, as well
They've picked it up...
good yogurt flavor options and toppings, fun 80's toys everywhere
Really good food! Fresh ingredients! Friendly staff! Generous portions and priced just right!
i eat here quite often love the champ with mayo and mustard
It's great. Go there every Sunday for breakfast.
love it I love eating here but very sad it's closed on Sunday's, I want cafe zupas on a daily
Loved it!! Will have to visit friends again so we can head back. Great pub food, good Bloody Mary!
Worst Walmart EVER!! Zero customer service. The store is very dirty and no one cares..
Soooooo gooooood. They literally have everything. Come hungry and bring your friends.
The owners are nice. I go here for all my mailing needs. They are fair priced.
Friendly staff and Dr's are very patient oriented.  Speak to you not st you and truly care about you
Good service, it's nice to have a fast food in Coraopolis.
What a great place!  The staff was wonderful , the food delish and atmosphere was awesome!
UM DAMN.  24hours. hella bomb. hella fresh.  I enjoyed the meaty one and the signature sandwich.
This is my favorite restaurant.  When we visit AZ, I will go back for another visit.
Horrible service. Salsa was great. Combo fajitas were average at best.   Queso fundido was amazing.
Worst customer service ever!!!  Avoid this store if at all possible!
Crappy coffee with crappy attitudes from staff to match...don't waste your time or money here.
Connie gives us great service and the place is very clean. Great prices and selection
Butter Burger and the milkshakes  Their in house root beer is pretty good too
pretty great slab ice cream and pastries.. got 2 items and they were both yummy
LOVE this place a must stop everytime we come. Really really good food good service!!
Food looked really good, tasted awful. Waste of time, waste of money. Bad experience.
We received GREAT massages from Phillip and another female. They were professional. Recommend 100%
Great independent coffee and pastry spot in the heart of Tivoli Village with free parking.
Tasty rosemary and sea salt bagel and cool neighborhood to ride a bike and chill out.
Servings are huge and delicious! The banana bread is OMGahhhhh yummy!!!!!
Needs a face lift big time. I'm not even quite sure Robert irvine could save this place.
Worst decision of my life . I worked for these people . Don't expect to be paid anything .
great pit stop
Floor was sticky. Food was warm not hot. Service was not in any rush.
Food OK service needs improvement my server took my order wrong and did not check until the end
Great quality scrubs! Found aome super comfy shoes too! Awesome variety :) SUPER friendly service!
Barber Shop.  Pretty great place for a haircut. Barber listens and does a thorough job.
Good massage, nice environment and professional staff. I'll return to this business in the future.
The burger was pretty delicious, but the prices are on the expensive side. The service was great!
Had to go there twice, It was that good! Kids loved it, they fell in love w/the spuds. Mmmm!
Terrible customer service, nothing is in stock, get ready for the word "NO". Go somewhere else
nice crew fast service. was in and out pretty fast.
Love this place.  Michael Simon does it right.  You have to try the fried brussel spouts!
long wait...waited 1.5 hours...still felt like it was kinda worth it though which is saying a lot.
Food and sangria are both delicious! Cajun chicken pasta and ros  sangria are wonderful!
SO good. I love it. I'm a vegetarian and their veggie options are delicious.
JP went above & beyond assisting me when we had issues and a deadline.  These guys are great!
Best barbers in Phoenix. Just make an appointment unless you can go early during the week.
Did not find anything but I am spoiled by the Goodwills in Marin County, California.
D E L I C I O U S.  and fast and local. Always good to have reliable Chinese food nearby.
stay away, Judit Spa "double dips"
By far the best shawarma in Calgary. Chicken Shawarma is great, great price and very friendly staff
Sorry, have yet to try this establishment. Will have 2 stars until I give this bakery a change.
Setting, food, prices, service... All of it top notch!!!  I simply love this place!!!
I live in NY, my cousin brought me here and these were by far the best wings I've ever had.
By far the best dry chilli chicken I ever had. The appetizer calamari is fantastic too.
Best bar food and staff in town! Clam chowder on Friday and prime rib Saturday is a must.
Great pizza and the staff is always friendly. A neighborhood gem for sure
I love this place. I wish I was eating Taiwanese pork rice right now.
This stuff is awesome and a must try!!
Excellent food and service and affordable. Great pizza and better wings then the Moon Saloon
Great food, nice view. Make sure you get there before 11 if you would like to have breakfast.
Great sandwiches. Fresh and tasty. Sides are great too. I had one of the best Mac n cheese here.
I've stayed at numerous hotels in vegas and this one is definitely my favorite!
Good service but food just OK. A lot of items to choose from. Probably won't go again.
Fixing my sweet tooth! I gotta say that the lemon bar is better than the one from Starbucks! Yum!!
Quality of pita bread is fresh and yummy. Great quality healthy food. Fast and fresh every time.
Super cool environment, good priced drinks and good food too! Loved that it is a big seahawks bar
They are friendly here . Food is always fresh  and hot. The raising cane sauce ticks!!
Goes without saying, delicious polish boy. Also really friendly service.
The Double Double is just the Best Best burger in the universe.
One of my all time favorite places.  The Lasagana is awesome!
The fried rice and lo mein is always fresh. Last week I had the beef and broccoli, it was delicious.
Tried it for the first time and left unimpressed. The food was under seasoned, and over priced.
friendly people and delicious food, super satisfied!!
It kinda  of  basic and boring  but I  did the  ice cream  but everyone was nice
there was a lady bug in my thai spring roll and they said i placed it there ?!?! yuck
This is THE BOMB!!! My family had the trifecta (little messy on 1) 2 is perfect for a medium ammo
ask for Jessica! she always does a great job and i'm always happy with how my nails turn out.
Great experience!! We will be back later on in pregnancy for sure! Great deal with Yelp coupon!
I love this place so much! I definitely recommend Margo to do anyone's nails she is the bomb.com
Best chicken pho! I'll definitely be coming back for more. Cute, clean and reasonably priced place.
Over priced crappy bar food, blahhh! That was horrible, i dont feel good already!
Great American Food Excellent beer wine menu Service great  Prices good clean  Enjoy!
Love this place, great vibe-- best place to grab a pint and watch some futbol!
The escargot and steak were superb, but I wish the menu was a bit more robust.
The best in the area! Added bonus - you can enjoy a mimosa while getting your nails done.
Food was solid. Restaurant was high energy loud and fun. Drinks were very good and the staff was fun
this places is the bessst!!!! everything was super delicious and i can see why it has 5 stars
I love their rice plates!! The chef also adds a little artistic touch to the food too!
Def lives up to its hype! Fresh and delicious! So good! Interesting flavours to choose from!
finally!!! a starbucks down the street from me! fast, friendly service!
sushi was very tiny & not very good quality. Black garlic small bowl ramen was delicious.
excellent salad bar, wide variety of meats, great service, planning return visit.
Such a great time at Evo!  Food is amazing and service could not be better. Thank you!
It's gone down hill over the past year. I no longer go out of my way to pick up food from here.
must be out of business.  The number is disconnected.  bummer.  I need a gardener.
Good food and ambience. We loved the patio, that is where we prefer to sit when dining here.
Great food and service. The staff is amazing very attentive. Definitely recommend this place.
People are cool. I like Renzo. Best shopping in Vegas!
Great little drive thru breakfast.  AZ burrito was excellent.
The best hoagies and the sauce they put on them.Wow.pizza is awesome.My new favorite place.
It has great environment and service. The food is good but not good enough to win 5 stars.
803-370-4188 If you want to call ahead to pick up  Try the Campechanos tacos they are incredible
Wish they offer more dim sum food.  They have good tripes and chicken feet. A bit to price for me
Perhaps there's a new chef?  Chilli lime is gone and there are other noticeable changes.
Only seats 20.  The freshest sashimi i have had in a long time.  Great service. Killer atmosphere.
Worst customer service you'll ever find in any industry, anywhere.  Terrible.  Go anywhere else.
Great good, big menu, lots of options for non sushi eaters like my husband. Portions were large.
Cool place! The "hot" sauce was really tasty. The pork was so nice and moist and delicious.
Great food very creative and they serve Blue Label Scotch!!!
Taryn was excellent!! Delicious meal. Pumpkin cheesecake was great!! Wonderful night!
Top notch mechanics! The owner Lonnie will go above and beyond to help you.
Great place to eat at when the weather is nice outside.... Great open air relaxed atmosphere
Just ordered for pick up.  Very friendly and helpful staff. Pizza was a bit greasy for me but good.
They don't honor their reservations and are rude and unhelpful. AVOID!!
We had the nachos and wings. Both were fairly good. The "goodbye blue sky" was delicious!!
My go to bubble tea now. Great small business with great read.  The Hokkaido milk tea is amazing
Love this place!!!!! Simply magical ... You just have to see it and experience it yourself 5+ stars.
Very tasty.i got the Cobb salad and the cranberry turkey sandwich they were both amazing!
The food was horrible not worth the price. The rice was too mushy and the egg drop soup was bland
Just passing through town. Found this place on yelp  Ordered the best chicken marsala i ever had .
Nice place. Great selection of sausages.   Try the honey garlic pepperettes yum.
Good quality food. Great infusion on Asian and Mexican cuisine. Definitely will be back.
The officers here are not that polite and it takes them weeks to make a new key for me.
Great paninis. Lasagna like an Italian restaurant. Nice clean place w very friendly workers.
Love this place!  Service, food, atmosphere - the whole package!  The happy hour rocks!
Nice clean salon kimmy is the best nail tech there in my opinion ..but all techs there do a nice job
Great service awesome food and our hostess Amanda was amazing definitely our new breakfast spot
I love the French accents, and the food has been really good both times I have been.
My favorite Starbucks. The people that work there are the best!
Best Hawaiian Shaved ice in Vegas!   Great flavors brotha.   Thx Jackey
Great Food and Service. Love the Breakfast Burritos, you can taste the freshness in the food.
Service King and Wesley, took great care of me and my car.  Best experience with car repair ever!!!!
Food is good music is terrible. RAP music is terrible making it a not kid friendly resteraunt
The food was pretty good just very greasy but over overall it was tasty not bad for 5$ ofc
Good food, I would just add that food was a little bland for me.
The food is great, but the female wait staff is horrible. Bad service will ruin this business!
Very nice restaurant with decent food for the price. . Servers are great very friendly service.
Great customer service... honest, reliable, knowledgeable, and fast!!
Great beer, good food. Enjoy sitting outside in summer enjoying their beer selection.
I love this bar! The staff is great, the food is awesome and its a REAL vegas local favorite.
Burgers were delicious and they literally had the cleanest glasses I have ever seen in a restaurant.
Not much to say here. Good juicy burgers, will definitely stop by again when I'm in the area.
Great smoothies!!! Wonderful juice combinations. Offer health shots and people are super friendly!!
I've been eating at this sub shop for over 2 years now. I love this little gem behind Staples.
Very nice owner. Nice drinks at affordable price.  Good atmosphere for relaxing or studying
Great service, best real estate agents in Toronto. Very knowledgeable of the market.
By far the best pizza that I have ever tasted outside New York City!
Loved the menu.  Great guacamole. Cocktails were very good. Enjoyed the atmosphere and music.
Great Italian food and pizza at reasonable price.
Nice service and good food. They prices are very reasonable. Great place for breakfast!
Great Chicago-style pizza without braving the windy city.
Drinks 4/5  Food 4/5  Service 5/5  Unadulterated Fun 5/5  Parking 5/5
Had a great time with Walter and Al! Will definitely be back. First class service beginning to end.
Very good, i like salmon lover roll! i ordered pork katsu box as well. and the cake is very good
Could find what I needed and had good shoes but!! the sales people where TOO PUSHY ugh
Great service, scrumptious cakes and a whole case dedicated to gluten-free...can I say, yes please!
The pizza here is absolutely divine. I also suggest the Ghirardelli fudge brownie, it is delicious.
Farrens has stepped it up. I haven't been denied a carry out in a long time.
The staff and Doctor Horner are so wonderful and kind!
i like this place; good prices, fast and lasts about 2 weeks for gel manicure
They are open late. Pizza I had there was decent...hot and crispy. Fairly sparse menu.
Expensive. Cannollis are good. Lobster tails are not good, the filling isn't done correctly.
Absolutely love this place.... Great pizza! great people! It's always our last stop in Vegas.
Excellent Norwegian Benedict and home fries
Hangin @Greenpharm Mesa Chillin on muh  Birthday What a Super Staff  Bless - Goddess Seshat
Vince and his team are prompt and dependable.  Highly recommended!
Hands down, best pizza in pittsburgh. no contest.
Love the brisket!  Makes me miss Texas!  Friendly crew too!
Delicious and amazing service. I went here twice during my visit and enjoyed it both times!
Delicious cupcakes and ice cream. The staff is always really nice also. Cakes are cute
Very professional thorough timely abs accurate.....all great features in the mortgage process
Food is good. Many side dishes. They have the button which is easy to call the server over.
Great service, great store, classic clothing.  Love, love, love!
They apparently changed the recipe for the lobster miso ramen, so it really wasn't that great.
Everything has already been said. Best deal on the strip and open late.
Good food, helpfull waiters, different varieties of Mexican plates n meat
Good service. My favorite sandwich is Mos def the big kahuna.
Everything you could want from an Au Bon Pain. Fresh coffee. Super friendly and attentive staff.
Quick and cheap. Had my beard trimmed by Ben. Cool atmosphere inside. Would return again.
Finally a hair cut with out stress.  Walk in talk about football and get a real cut.
Long waits, poor service, very average shawarma's. NOT the best shawarma's in Mississauga.
Nice quick drive through when you just got to have that chili  cheese dog  yum! Thank you
Excellent job looks very professional and he matched my lowest bid.
Food took a long time and small portions. Place just re-open but need to get things together!!!
Super friendly staff. Had a root beer float and was delicious! Next time going to try a malt snake
Eating here at random because we went to FedEx! It's freaking delicious  Round 2: even better
Good, tasty takeout Persian food. A bit pricey but I would say it's the best Persian in the area.
Now closed.
This new salon is beautiful!!!!! Great customer service!!! The best place I've ever been too
Excellent!!!! Huge portions for great price! Seriously good Mexican food, we will be back!
So professional and friendly! I've tried other wax places and this one is by far the best.
2nd time was better. They added more to the menu. Service was still nice. And food was perfect
Don't not notice the student special! I missed a free drink :'(  Delicious veggie burrito though!
Really good. Crispy and flavorful falafel, which is hard to come by in the West Valley!
Tex-Mex definitely not authentic Mexican but good and they have a large menu,
I love bringing my 88 year old Grandma here.  Great food, great service & a shop 2 boot!!
Super great food , try the crispy shrimp in spicy cream sauce, yum yum in my tum tum !
YUMMMMMM!!!!!  My favorite food!  Lots of scrumptious, nutritious options!
Great job! They honored a $15 coupon from the internet and they work Sunday. I'll be back!
This restaurant has permanently closed as of March 19, 2013.
$2 Tuesdays.  Great place for drinks, bar food, and a few rounds of pool.
Awesome food and service! Michelle was so personable and sweet and we absolutely loved her.
Order the Hell's Kitchen Sandwich....simply scrumptious! I can't have anything else!
WOW! THE BEST grilled rainbow trout I've ever had. And for less than $10? that's crazy !
Service was excellent. Their Vegetarian Rainbow Benedict was the best eggs Benedict I've ever had.
Je suis all  plusieurs fois pour le lunch et toujours  t  tr s satisfait. Tr s savoureux.
One word. "WOW" definitely coming back. Great service, pleasant atmosphere and amazing tacos.
There muffins are awesome!  Banana nut is my favorite!
Mixed dog area, big dog area, small dog area: something for everyone! Easy parking. Friendly folks.
Friendly bar, people, good fair priced food and all the Football Games all weekend long!!!
This place has the best curry I've ever had with good prices. 5 stars, they earned all of them.
I have had a few meals at Mon Ami Gabi and they were not good and way too pricey
This place is a hidden gem! Great food and awesome drinks! Not to mention happy hour is from 11-7!
Oysters and seafood best  Best tasting  By gar better than Wynn but decore isnt all so great
Love this little cafe. Friendly staff and warm welcomes. Jessie and Gina are so sweet.
Love this place! Unique and yummy subs. Great service and great food!
Great little spot! finally a place with good biryani at affordable prices and the lassi is amazing!!
Pork belly, is amazing here, atmosphere is pretty cool too! Great for a quick happy hour cocktail.
Horrible. My gel nails could have been done by my kid nephew! NEVER going here again!!
Guess I was super hungry when I went here before.....  Food is bland and its not that great.....
I love this place!! You won't be disappointed . Hard shell tacos and sunny side up eggs
The view is amazing ...the food is was decent.  A beautiful restaurant.
Great place to eat at. Amazing staff. Quick and definitely my favorite place for desert lol
Reasonably priced, modern and spacious room with a HUGE tub! Great convenient location as well.
Don't bother wasting your time. What a dump! Charged cover to dance with 10 people in the bar.
Meh.  I had a chicken sandwich, it was boring.  This place needs more seating.
Love this place I go here all the time and the food is delicious always great fast service
EXCELLENT Show.  No regrets and funny talented man.  Terry isn't bad either.
Same chef who was previously in Tivoli Village. Look for them on Facebook. Their food is great!
I just love this place, best Sushi place in Las Vegas. Price, food and service are the best.
This is our favorite place to stay in Vegas. Great food clean rooms staff is always helpful
I love this place! Quick service and great healthy options! I also love that you can order ahead.
Adding a star! Got my brows done by Kim yesterday and she was fantastic and so friendly.
Food was good - atmosphere was everything - we will go back.
Our whole family loves this place and the lovely family that owns it! SEEN YOU TOMORROW! Good food
Best breakfast in Calgary! A must when visiting. Portions were big and everything was delicious.
Good pho and Vietnamese spring rolls. I'll be sure to come back and try the sushi next time.
Great appetizers and atmosphere, glad they are in Gilbert . Service was excellent as well
Very good service and stand behind their work.
I love this place.. Go early or late! It's busy at lunch time.
Good, reliable food.  Fast polite service!
Great homemade food, breakfast all day (wow) and VERY friendly service! Try it, you'll l
Janny does great makeup & rectified an incorrect debit from my card.
Good and service are excellent. We haven't tried the buffet yet but look forward to it.
Had the Lump Crab Cocktail , 7oz Filet and the Brussels Sprouts .  OMgosh  absolutely delicious :))
Got the nachos and they were amazing! Chicken was tender, and cheese had a nice kick.  Yummy
Fast,friendly staff,great service and clean.we've been hear countless times,consistently good.
I love this place. It has a wonderful Greek salad, amazing wings and yummy burgers.
meal: Mexican well done atmosphere: right by Mill ave, go sun devils!
You guys aren't going to get your money. I need to speak to a case manager as soon as possible.
Friendly staff ! Super clean very chill environment Im a huge fan of the rose milk tea so amazing !!
Food was ok, nothing to come back for.. service should be more professional.. Xavier was rude
Ask for Nadia! I did my first back waxing there and Nadia is very professional and friendly.
I MUST endorse the shrimp & grits. So glad they didn't put twice as much in the bowl!!
This place is fantastic.  There rooms are very spacious and clean.  Great room service
Clean, friendly, good beer!  Would go back any time I stop in the PHX airport. Top pick.
Steaks are super thin and salty. Absolutely ripoff meal.
Maureen Schwenk is the worst realtor. Do not use her. She is unethical.
Ordered room service after a long day of work, fabulous dinner!!!!! Risotto was outstanding!
Amazing service and steak! Great aged meat.
Nice and cozy well lit atmosphere with lots of beer choices at great happy hour prices.
The pizza and pasta are awesome. Great service and decent prices. My entire family loves this place.
Very prompt response and price quote came in much lower than all other companies I contacted.
My first time getting fillers....she is the best!
Good food at reasonable prices.  Product always seems fresh.  Try one the burritos with shrimp.
Friendly good coffee. We need more locations in the west valley. Better than starbux.
Great service great food best value on the Strip for food a hell of a lot better than Casino food
Alway great work been to this guy multiple time. Recommend that you go here and talk to freak.
Great quality, great flavor, great price and a different way to dine. Well done on all fronts
The house chow mein was amazing! The service was quick & friendly! I am definitely coming back!
The best Burger with aguacado touch. Hmm delicious and that shake the best . I highly recommend it
Stop going to chains and support great, family owned local businesses. This place is awesome!
Their cappucino's excellent paired with freshly baked butter croissant. Service is superb!
1st time client, great experience. I highly recommend Rachel, she was amazing.
Clean, friendly, and stocked with a great variety of products.
I was a happy kitty, goooood
I'm freezing ... I'd much rather melt than freeze.  Brrrrrrr.
Their foods do not worth $57; feels like $11 happy china buffet :/
Slaw was only half filled to the box but the braised beef add on was a good value. Tender, juicy.
I live maybe 3 minutes away. Always satisfies the sushi cravings. Not amazing not bad either.
This is going to be short and sweet. The food was amazing and the owner lovely and genuine.
Love this place. Some of the best authentic Mexican food in the valley I highly recommend it
This is the cleanest coolest bar on the west side of town make sure you say hi to James.
Great experience on patio for lunch on a beautiful December afternoon.
I had the nachos and beef burrito...both were very good and I will go back again!
Value for money. Good frozen margarita and fireball shots. Everything falls under students pocket
Great sushi! Very fresh!  Clean place.. good all you can eat prices.  I had a great experience.
The food was OK but the service sucked. I went just barely came by and we did not leave her a tip.
Previous review was meant for Autonation location.
Really good BBQ, and friendly staff.  Definitely a great local gem!
Terrific food, never disappoints, in  a most unique venue!
Delicious roti, especially for a late night snack! Tikka masala sauce was great service was fast
Friendly staff and fast service. Great selection of smoothies. I'll be back.
We had a great lunch! Highly recommend the Rojo Diablo chicken sandwich! Loved the fries too!
Filthy. My dog got kennel cough there and they denied it.  Never go there.  Terrible terrible vet.
Come early! Great Happy Hour! Tuesdays they have live music. Good entertainment for a great price!
Love this place. Every time I go I leave feeling amazing. Thank you Katie for the amazing massage.
Decent wings. Had the corned beef boxty and it's was actually good. Very poor service however
All I can say food is made fresh awsome the best I love it definitely my new favorite restaurant
Glad I finally had a chance to try this buffet out. Great variety and loved the watermelon fresca.
Great local place. It's been in Vegas for years. Be sure to ask for Ryan on the grill.
The sushi is always fresh & they offer a great selection. Excellent specialty rolls & drinks.
I've been going here for years. They take care of our three dogs. I highly recommend them.
Food was very good, and the ambiance -- and waitress -- were authentically French.
Go here if you like fruit flies and under cooked lamb......3 terrible experiences!
the regular order is good for 3 ppl..  lots of varieties and they taste good.  Good staff too.
Good food good people ,very polite and clean. Burgers are the best in town
This is the wrong address!! The correct address is 777 Alpha Drive Highland Heights Ohio.
Great food. Nice environment. The service is too slow, so try here when you have plenty of time.
Hot tasty sandwiches, served with common sense and urgency. Can't go wrong for  the strip.
Best wings in town... Suicide is the hottest I have ever had in Brampton!!
Consistently TASTY, DELICIOUS FOOD! Pho soup and crispy noodle (mixed grill) are my FAVOURITES!
God frokost, men mye br k..
+ great veal sandwiches + good menu variety - service is a tad slow  Recommended: Veal Sandwich
Been coming here for years!!  Wonderful friendly place ... Ahmad and Philip are the best :)
Great store, great people, great food! I love the TJ business concept.
this place is bombbbbbb.commmm the sushi is amazinnnn doeeee fa shooooo my g . adrienne is the best
Dr. Matthews is an extremely compitent dentist and a really good guy.  I highly recommend him.
HUGE portions! Spicy Chicken Wrap was twice the size of a Burrito from "that place" down the street!
Ummmm bacon fried rice? Need I say more?
Mmmm delicious ceviche, Peruvian corn, tasty chicken. This is a nice find!
Yes i agree  very Delicious and authentic, and also  Great view of Las Vegas strip.
Food was delicious and for a great price. I really recommend Fanny's Bistro and Deli to all
The slowest drive thru I've ever experienced.  foresure not coming back at this location..
Ahhh it's nice to have a homey, cheap neighbourhood taco joint.
always good food, and a great selection of beer that will satisfy
Coffee is boss. Go there when you want damn good coffee and food.
Went on Saturday morning with 3 friends. Service is good, pancake is quite delicious!
The services and the food were all great! A place that really deserves a 5-star rating.
Great experience! Super cute atmosphere, great food, fair prices, and awesome service!
It's just the best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life, that's it.
Great food and service. Convenient hours for late night dining!
The quesadilla is to die for!  All of the different ingredients make for an amazing flavor.
Great food and customer service.  The fruit infused waters and lemonades are a great idea.
Simply the best. The best roll in Toronto is the volcano roll with black rice. These are facts.
This place has not only the best pizza but amazing salads!! The desserts are yummy too. Go NOW!!!
2 years later and Mimi still is making my nails look amazing!  I love SNS nails and I love Mimi!
Great place!! My Dad and Uncle loved the lamb chops. Red beans and rice were magnificent!!
Usually well stocked, busy.  Only down side is long line to check out
Quick friendly service, food was great, lots of variety. Price was comparable to most restaurants.
They are amazing here, they go above and beyond to make sure you and your pet get the care you need.
Amazing Scallop Ceviche. Love the interpretation of Paiella. Friendly service. Great experience!
 feel 
Great bbq, brisket, and chicken wings, but the sides were underwhelming.
Christiana in reservations was a delight to work with. Smooth and simple and everything explained
First time. Wide variety of rolls. 3 types of sashimi. We'll be back. Attentive service.
ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS....  i loved the outdoor lounge area..   DEFINITELY COMING BACK.
Great BBQ at lunch! Great Buffet all around.  Best I've ever been to in Vegas.
Great practice!   Super nice people, who love pets as much as me.
Overpriced drinks. Bartender and waitress flirt with each other before attending to customers
Came here based on Yelp reviews. It never fails me. The sandwich was so yummy!
FAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANCY!  Fancy, Fancy, Fancypants!
Good for Madison. Nice portions of dumplings and easy on the wallet
I am a burger specialist. Their burgers are ok at best. The meat is frozen not fresh and all bread.
Great. Loved every part of our experience with Dr. Guerra.
My colleague bit into his egg roll to spit out a bolt. No further review necessary (see photo).
Wide selection of antojitos and food. The staff is also quite friendly and knowledgable.
The hot dog was less then ordinary. We were ignored while the server had a long chat with a friend.
This has been an awesome good time with great food and a good environment would recommend to anybody
The portions were large, the food was decent. Service was good, but slow.
It's my spot, they take care of me. Book an appointment to avoid long waits. Recommend for sure!
Masseuse never showed for my appointment, Happy Mother's Day to me.
Had a great experience. Mai and Loni made were very friendly and didnt rush on my nails.
Excellent food, romantic atmosphere, great service (ask for Louie).
One of my favorite places to go when I visit Las Vegas.  Great finds new and slightly used.
The absolute worst customer service. I highly recommend spending your money someone else.
Had the Diavola and two glasses of wine! All of it was fantastic! Great food, drinks, and service!
Super delicious! Everything is perfectly made and fulfills all cravings for fast food.
Very above average food. Not your typical bar fare! Great atmosphere and the TV's rule!
Delicious! I have been coming here for years! I love everything here! Never disappointed!
Dont go even if they offer you free tickets...this show is incredibly bad...and the jokes are worse.
This Subway is close to where I work, and I've always had speedy service with no hassle.
the bank night club is a lot of fun and they play real upbeat music you can actually dance to lol
These guys do awesome work. They are quick and very knowlegable.  I am a Fan. :0)
Enjoyed breakfast this morning and our waitress Cece was the best.  Definitely recommend this place.
Pleasant surprise for my downtown lunch!  Nice guys, too!
Well I don't feel too happy bout the work done by him.. he used stitches that's why it's bad.
I've died and gone to HELL! This store is wrong...SO wrong!!! Tack-O-Rama at its finest!!!
Loved this place! It was great to support a non-chain place. Love the atmosphere and coffee!
Had no idea gluten free could taste this good!
Awesome service haircut was on point and I would come back and recommend them to everyone
The drinks here r very good. And the customer service is excellent. I also like the ambience
It was enjoyable experience.  No messy ink and they do the mailing... sweet lady too. Thank you.
This place is it! This place is legit! Super good amazing customer service. trendy spot!
The girls have nice boobs and so on but no personality . Not friendly.. Cold reception ...
Great food, great service, and overall a great cause! Plant based goodness! I'll be back soon!
Professional, clean, friendly. Nice facility and staff. Very happy with results. Highly recommend.
Delicious. Love the gyros and the feta fries. A little pricey. Great customer service
Surprisingly good food. From the name we didn't expect this variety. Best smoothie ever!
Great clinic, great staff, great doctors :) Happy I bring my problem child to them
Way over priced and restaurant was empty.    Food and service were ok.  Probably won't be back soon.
Great food! They give you large portions so you don't leave hungry. The place can get pretty busy.
Pathetic food and too small servings. Everything we ordered is tasteless and under cooked.
Good bagels, just don't expect to be able to sit down, as it's takeaway only.
Decent location, usually packed though. Favourite drink hands down is the jolly rancher
Amazing food and amazing bar service! My goal is to stop by every time I go to Vegas!
Fast and nice service. Great place to grab food for lunch after school.
This was our favorite place in Las Vegas! Get the pan roast, you won't leave hungry or disapointed.
Nothing special, mediocre service.  Claustrophobic ambiance. Horrible Really bad place. No service
Bland and overpriced. Not sure why the ratings for this place is high, food was terrible.
great place! HUGE! but great place
Employees are nice.  Not happy with cancellation terms. Felt misled
Food was meh. Fish wasn't fresh. Rolls was sloppy. Mussels was yucky. Not recommended.
Great service good food philly roll not the best but everything else good and good portion size
the atmosphere is neat..the food is good..Nicely done.
Good Indian food. To get all menu details. please call at store, sometimes Website is not up-to date
The best breakfast place in town.great food ,outstanding coffee,cozy atmosphere.
Thank you Justin for your help today! They had great professional service with my iPhone.
Delicious and fast! What more do you want? :) I always get the tostada with a soft tortilla
Friendly staff....Great tea drinks....Fresh spinach chicken salad
Love the sushi and drinks. Your manager Eddy rocks too!
Great cozy office with a warm staff. Good location to grab a bite. SF customer for almost 10 yrs.
I have updated my review have been back many times and not one bad time excellent great service
Best buffet ive ever been too...period! Hope they keep the quality up.
Everything was super delicious!!! I recommend trying the salmon and requesting to sit upstairs!
LOVE IT! Great food at great prices. Family friendly! Non smoking areas.
Very good gyro. Lots of lamb in a yogurt dill sauce. Arrived at 7. No wait. Nice place. No frills.
A bit of a let down. Pedestrian food, there are better choices in the area.
Long wait times at electronics department. Don't go during their lunch hours nor nearing 5 pm.
I just had a pepperoni pizza tonight at Mulberry's.  It has great fresh made crust.
this dominos is actually cool I had a issue with my order and they took care it no problem :)
Excellent cheese sauce, peanut sauce, poutine. I also had an energy shake it was all very good
Nourriture correcte pour le prix. Il s'agit plutot d'un fast food.
Very fast service and a free music CD to boot. Definitely recommend this place.
Aaron Davis is the one to use! He really knows what he is doing. Highly recommended.
Great breakfast place. Go for the pancakes! Be prepared to wait if you show up after 10 am.
Excellent place to unwind !!!!  The Golden Tiki - best in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
Got food poisoning from the eggs here, everything else was OK.
Jim good Jim work Good Jim Studio good  My product great
Unsure. Came here for dog shows. It's okay...
Dms was great, fast, and helped us out alot. Will go to again when if need plumbing help
Very pleased with the service I received today.  Honest and friendly.  Will definitely return!
This is a very clean QT, the staff is amazing!!!! Always willing to say hi and make eye contact.
Fantastic brunch with great service. All of our meals were fantastic and we will definitely be back.
This place has absolutely no sense of urgency. It shouldn't take a half an hour to get 5 balloons.
My new favorite place, great food, cold beer and great service. The "D cor" is outstanding.
Ox tail plate is good. Goat curry need to be more tender. Price are reasonable for the portion.
My wife and I went to try this place out and the food was great!  Service was fast and friendly.
The chocolate cookies are to die for. Love that they sell locally roasted coffee beans.
They had my car for 3 days for a 4hr job!!!! I'll stick with Firestone across the street
Becoming a tradition when passing through Vegas. Hardy food at good prices. Very friendly staff.
Best time to go is during a concert or dinner time.  PBR me ASAP!  Love the food!
This place is effective and affordable. Enough said!  6-8 treatments and you're good to go!
Love the iced chai, and they have great food options. The energy of the shop is just MARVELOUS.
This place Rocks! Great food, pools. Concert Venue was perfect. Good value for what you get
Food is great and service is great. Their prime rib is some of the best I've ever have.
Got here an hour ago, still chewing 1st bite of prime rib
They forgot my ordered. And I had to wait another 30 minutes. They didn't say anything to me
Best Indian food in Phoenix. Period. Also you won't find nicer owners that treat you like family.
Officially addicted to the White Angel drink! Waiting in line sucks but it's worth it!
Best hokkaido milk tea and boba in town. Never disappoints! I've found my new favorite spot
Nice place. Nice prices. They employees helped me find the right cartridge I was looking for.
Ordered wings and a chicken parm sandwich online, fast delivery and very tasty.
Very knowledgeable tech. Gave us the good, bad and ugly of it all. Very professional.
32.00 dollars for the best wash and I could of driven through a 5 dollar wash for the same thing.
Wonderful! Fresh and delicious! Nothing is bad on the menu!  Catering is 5 stars!
Great place fast service and great prices. Beat everywhere I checked thanks Discount!!!!
The extra $5 for the spa pedicure really is worth it!
Beautiful little place, nice food and drinks.
Eh it was ok. Located out of the way, and didn't have as many bacon options as I thought.
Great social mission.  Okay-ish food.  Decent location.  Untrained service.
Hey earl of sandwich,  You can be my breadwinner every day of the week.
Surprised to find that this location was open Sunday evening. A pleasant place, with good curry.
Want to avoid a trip here? Don't break the law.
Good but not great. There are better restaurants in Little Italy. For example: Battuto.
Great service . Great food  Teast good very good like that  Pancakes there  chocolate one .
Best fast food burger! Quality of food is great and clean too. Cajun fries are awesome selection
This place has simply the best pancakes i have ever had in my life. Service was quick and friendly.
I love los favs!!! Always the bomb! I eat there like 3 or 4 times a week!
Best shrimp and grits I've had on the west coast by far! Super excited about this place.
Per chi ama le ciambelle! La mia favorita   la Chocolate Glazed :-))
Ordered a pizza for delivery. Never showed up. Waited 2 hours then called a different place.
Food is very pricy.  The shrimp on the seafood platter is not very fresh.
I have had several wonderful experiences. I would recommend wags and Kisses to anyone and everyone.
This is the shittiest pet salon ever. They buzzed her whiskers off which resulted to her bleeding.
The wait is long. Walter White aka Heisenberg works here during night shifts. Don't make him mad.
Pretty lame pedicure for $25 dollars!!! I felt cheated the whole time I was in the chair.
Love the atmosphere.  The best item was the fried mac n cheese hamburger.  Fried fish was just ok.
This such a great place to grab something really cute to wear on spontaneous weekend fun...
First off, this place is amazing.   Second,  Crystal the magician really blew my...mind!  Awesome
Great drinks and wonderful conversation.  Great date spot or chill place with friends.
Love having this location close to home. Staff are friendly and the food is always fantastic.
Love this place.  Best salad is the cuvee salad!!  Also, order the chips with ranch, they are great!
Fast,refreshing, and tasty boba tea and mixed drinks. Friendly staff & a clean location.
Excellent customer service. Prompt and efficient installation. Would highly recommend.
The blanco pizza was one of the best pizzas !! Mosco mule is great!!!!!
Love getting my pedicures here, the ladies are really nice. They always do a great job!
Great bar, friendly crowd and good music. Tero & Rob are great bartenders!
Another great Monday workout with Coach Jamie.  A great place to rev up your weekend days.
All star service and product that works every time! Affordable as well - awesome
The food was really bland. I had catfish and the Mac and Cheese was horrible no Cajun flavor
Las mas ricas y autenticas ahogadas, como en casa, igualitas que en Gdl!
Love this place. Best for Breakfast...and cant beat the Tuna Melt for lunch
Its nothing like the one in Hawaii ...i can't find a good Hawaii style filipino food place
Excellent coffee! I was drawn by the long line and am so happy I stopped to give  try.
Always a great stop for a burger....don't forgert to add cherry to any soda...yum
The 5 star here just cuz I had the most spectacular!
Best plasti dip services in Las Vegas!  Really happy how they did my van.
Be sure to make a reservation. Pizza is great, closest to Napoli in AZ.
Had a big group of 15 people and they did an outstanding job... Food, Service, Location - 5 Star
Amazing fish tacos  I don't know what the costras are , but the are F@&ibg amazing  Big thumbs up
Smells somewhat fishy by the sushi bar. If you know about sushi, you'll know this is not good.
The got me in at the last minute on a Sunday night. Did an excellent job. Very friendly. Clean
Fantastic food, friendly service.  We had the chile Verde entree and the soft tacos. Very popular!
Love me some chicken burrito
Typical Fine Dining with Great Food & Service.
Great food! Pizza is on point and pasta is deliciouso. I will be back on my next trip to the strip.
Best oyster bar I've ever been too, there was a wait even at 11 pm but so worth it.
For me they always fair...keep it up guys.  Chek them out ppl...they realyy good at thier work
Majorly blah! If quality was better maybe but, I just won't be coming here anymore! Shit was whack!
Good  beers always something new on tap. Kambucha was delicious too sweet to taste...
Great, professional service at a low price!  Exactly as advertised!!
Great chiropractor! Friendly people and they teach you about what's going on in your body!
Did a great job trimming my palm trees.  They work really hard and the trees look great!
Hidden gem of C-U. Free parking in parking garage next door.  Burgers, Beer, Fries. Top 5 burgers.
          
The burger with blue cheese was yummy but the garlic pepper fres were delicious
Great deals all around on all Dillards depts. Look for addtl savings on weekends.
Beautiful property in a beautiful location. Friendly staff and wonderful accommodations
Had an excellent lunch and took some delicious pastries to go.  Everything was very tasty.
the chili rubbed rib-eye very tender....
Usual food for a Chinese place but, too crowded and bad service.
Great service and good prices!!! Staff is friendly and prompt. I use them every week.
Really enjoy this location! Very helpful and friendly staff!
Great service! I'm like a kid in a candy store here!
Great gem found around the neighborhood. Definitely don't mind visiting again for breakfast.
Terrible food. They make their pad thai with ketchup. Have gotten food poisoning here. Don't bother.
Double Double, animal-style with fries well-done.  I would smack your grandma for that meal.
Pierogies are outstanding. Soft and delicate with a burst of flavor awaiting on the inside. A must!
Burger was ok but wish they had napkins on table. (Double Cheeseburger with Bacon on a Cheese Bun)
Two words: Fat Ass.  Thats all I will write in this review.  Now GO AND EAT!!!
We come here a lot for brunch. French toast is amazing! Always good service, nice atmosphere.
Great mojitos! The sea bass was to die for, it far exceeded our expectations.
Have visited Smash on two occasions. Both times the food and service was good!
The bar is attractive.  The beer is cold.  The fish and chips ranks right up there with Mrs. Paul's
Mary is great. I have severe back problems and what relief she gave me. I recommend her to all
Fun place to go with the girls. Especially nice for a real tea party with the younger ones
Eva is professional, talented person. Hudson and Eva are great team . They both understand beauty .
The Magician Krystal was amazing. Her tricks were legit  thank you for the awesome entertainment
Andrew Wilson is the best! He's knowledgeable and goes out of his way to help in every situation!!
Service was crap and food was poorly seasoned - not worth the price.
Best nachos on the strip. Can get loud, but it's a bar!  So suck it up and enjoy the nachos!
I just saw mold in their ice box across the counter. Too much flies along with the dead flies.
Steak overdone, rice dry and overdone, poor service.  Very disappointing birthday dinner for my son.
Probably the only timmies I know with people hitting up the drive through for spare change lol.
Best chicken strips I've ever had. The bread was delicious too. We need these in California!
great ownership!
loveeeee sakana!! always.consistently delicious. great prices awesome calamari. Best sushi in az
Great service and super fast return. Dropped it off and got it back asap. Super easy thanks.
the fountain at night is a must see!!!my mank (aka my girl) really  enjoyed it.
Dark and Stormy is fire!!! The atmosphere was a lot of fun, music, good people and the Rum!!!
We love to eat here.   Parking is a challenge but well worth it.   Great food every time!
Perfect service. Room was beautiful and comfortable! I would come back here:-)
The Dirty Bird (chicken sandwich with egg) was delicious & the fries were cooked perfectly!
Yummmm. Very good sandwiches, fast service in a very busy place. I def suggest you give it a try!
One of the best Italians in the city.  Love coming here,  food is crazy good and service is unreal.
Excellent food Lot s of variey Probably the best now in vegas Worth it !
Great coffee shop in Monkland village. Always make a point to stop by whenever I walk by :)
Fish and Chips were amazing! Rodney our server/bartender was great!! Highly recommend!
Food is ok but service is always very good. Price is on the high side
Cute little creperie! Delicious crepes, good coffee, and friendly service - what's not to like?
Sophie our server was great, food is fast and good we like this spot for a quiet Sunday brunch
Great service. Fresh sushi, great quality. Love this place. Favorite sushi place in Vegas!
So happy to have this place down the street! Great local brewery!! Awesome atmosphere! Will be back!
Good for happy hour with work! Good pork belly and calamari.
Only here getting cheap gas.  The location isn't really big as I think there are only 8 pumps.
Rough crowd. Two people spilled their drink near me. More of a college vibe which is passed my time.
Good stuff. Food was excellent and generous portion.  Nice simple atmosphere.  Excellent service
Best burritos in Vegas......hands down!!! Red sauce is perfect!
The food is getting boring now. Nothing new and exciting.
One of the best food and service I have ever had! Definitely is a place to visit while in Las Vegas!
I can never get sick of Faleys. Amazing food, prices are reasonable and the service is the best!
Great food and outstanding prices! I enjoyed the people and the next door feel of the place!
Amazing ODB Chicken and Waffles! However, seating was limited. Service was fast and efficient.
Very good food, great green chillies in the burrito, the shrimp mango quasiddia is very good.
Great service, clean cut & efficient & on time/ recommend highly Will use regularly from now on...
Ate here for lunch one day while trying to eat healthy. Not too bad but it did take a while.
Good NY style pizza. The Greek salads are great as well.
The feta fries were delicious! The pita was soft and complimented the gyros perfectly.
Eat all type buffet. Selection is much smaller than in Mandarin but the prices are lower as well.
This is a wonderful place to serve in the Charlotte area.
Thae quality is really good but the portion of the food for the price a customer pays is really sad.
Ate there twice this week, food excellent both times. They need to expand the desert menu tho.
Great beer and the bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable. Nice stop for a pint.
The wings were truly amazing. However only giving 3 stars because their pizza was just...okay.
The place is clean and the protein portions skimpy, but credit the staff for hustle.
Absolutely the best. Professional, efficient and a pleasure to work with. Do not call anyone else!
Love the remodeling. The place is modern and the food is delicious.  Our favorite go to place
It's been 30 minutes still waiting for my pozole that I ordered feeling annoyed right about now
Remy is a wonderful and very helpful person ! Loved his customer service will be back.
The meat was bland, the beans obviously canned.  Prices out of line. Was not impressed at all.
Clean, good food. Great deal if you purchase their loyalty cup!
Waiter was sweet but wtf it was empty and I still waited for like 45 minutes for 5 wings! Omg
Yum! I mean it's warm bread with cheese. Yum.
ZERO....horrible service... Not coming back and not recommending it to family and friends...
Extremely unhelpful staff, they made no effort to help me out when I was in a situation.
Love the staff here and they all do an amazing job! Such a beautiful and clean salon!
Very quick service, friendly stuff, open on Sundays! We will surely come back.
Everyone working there looked depressed and they were extremely slow. Good ice cream though.
Great tasting burger. Plenty of screens to watch "the game".
They never have anything in stock. Especially when you want bubble tea. Huge disappointment.
The food is great with a Hawaiian feel the coconut chocolate dessert is great good service to
Absolutely superb. Reasonable prices, superb food, unbeatable service. Can't wait to go back.
Both the atmosphere and food were great here.  I especially liked the pork bbq steamed buns.
Omg, the double double and their shakes are the best!!! Really, great burgers & shakes!
Love this store.  Steve is very knowledgeable and helpful.  Best price for alkaline water#
Very mediocre for the price.  Service was lacking.  Won't be returning.
The poutine was burnt,I left  when I saw a drunk kid vomit all over his poutine.
I got the Thai style burrito today and it was excellent! Prepared to order and very tasty.
Great food and very nice people. The pho noodle soup is awesome! I recommend this place.
Had fun here, got a little crazy here with friends. Good crowd. Just hoping no one took pictures.
Lots of place to park! Love that the online map is updated!
Delicious!! The only place to go for Italian food. Great to go with family or just any time at all!
Great experience!!! I highly recommend the Tomago Sushimi!! Sweet egg always hits the spot
Great atmosphere, great beer, and even better pizza! Don't leave without getting a Pizookie (or 3).
Good food!  Good wine!    Get the peppers stuffed with Italian sausage, chorizo, and cheese.
Opened recently in dormont. adds variety. Mr Chocolate signature preparation is good.
Love this place  the beet burger is the best.  Nice relaxing place with amazing healthy food.
quieter, alot quieter  more for the older generations lower rates on rooms a good place to visit
Food was one of a kind. The decor and the energy is great. Will come back with out a doubt
Classic poutine was amazing. We were blown away by the options. Def a montreal must have!
Roasted mushroom - waaaayyyy over done -like burnt.  Sad it smelled good when I walked up to order
Horrible customer service. Lines were so long and only 2 people working the registers.
I had a great experience at this little post office.  They were super friendly, quick and helpful.
always our last stop after our crazy nights in LV and before going back home...
I have not had the chance to eat here yet but the food looks great! Great presentation
Love love love!!! Walked in and couldn't leave without hair and eyelashes extensions! A must!!
excellent service; clean and bright simple decor; very tasty dishes
Candice was great at the bar. Had Oysters that were fresh. Excellent salad and tasty wings.
Overpriced food. Every plate has three bites and cost at least $16. Definitely a no no
and here it was that my very 1st ipod was born 1 pound, 5 oz., 1.6 inches what a cutie!
I love the all you can eat sushi and tapas! Been here many times and love their food! Good price too
Great value on the strip and good quality food.
Bellagio water show with Andrew , Lauren and Christophe
Excited this is less than 1/2 mile from my home.  Fresh, delicious fast food.  Great salads.
I rely on the UPS Store to get my packages sent. And they have always been successful.
My daughter favorite place absolutely delicious and super good I love it!...............
Yummy! Best brown fried rice I ever tasted! Clean friendly staff
My wife and I bought 3 mini canolis last night when we open the box this morning it's just 1..
very good udon noodles
Service slow and terrible. Small potions, not to tasty Overall, not good.
Was so much fun. Definitely worth the $30ish. Our bartender was Cheryl and she was soo fun!
Awesome little find in this area that is bleak for restaurants.  Good food, good beer selection.
Finis.
This is a great neighbourhood place. Small, but popular. Great food. Quick service and fair prices.
Awesome wings, they are spicy but not painful; I want to try more items next time I'm near!
Sushi is average quality. Have tasted higher quality in my days but overall good for AYCE.
Only came here because Naked Pizza was 21 and over.  I am glad we did.  Pizza was excellent.
The valet guys are terrible bad fucking service at 10:19pm I will never stay here ever again!!!
Convenient location and friendly staff.  Free bag of goodies after cleaning.  I love this place!
I usually go to this hotel when I visit Charlotte. No complaints. Love the complimentary breakfast.
Stopped in to get a cherry slurpee and some nachos. Service was normal as always.
My brew tea fam knows exactly how to treat their customers! Great selections and amazing people!
Expensive, exotic but worth the treat once in a while. The smoked herring is wicked awesome!
Better than TDB. That's all I have to say. And better ambience.
               
I really like coming here. They are very fast and affordable. I hope they keep up the good work.
La sauce tomate est   se rouler par terre. Divin
Wonderful food, reasonable prices, great all around. Try the Nuzzo's Gnocchi!
Great selection of stix, cool place to smoke and have good conversations! This is a tour stop!
I wish In and Out came to Honolulu. Best $3 double cheesburger on the planet.
Great staff and selection.  Lotsa well priced used gear too,
Service was horrible. Dragged my couch up the stairs needed help from my brother. Had no clue
Fast, friendly crew. ESPECIALLY on a Monday morning!
Best gen tao in the city.The server/cashier guy hong is very friendly.Im a fan of the place!
Food was ok.  Ordered the egg white omelette with chicken sausage.  Service was very slow.
Good "college" type bar downtown.  Cheap prices and lots of sports tvs.
Love love love their Hong Kong style French toast! Don't forget to ask for peanut butter.
This is by far the best wax I have received! Very impressed with the Salon overall.
Great food great service no complaints my always go to breakfast place.the chilly burger is great
Great ice cream sandwich. And they are HUGE!!! I got the vanilla with chocolate chip cookies
Great food truck! Best ribs and Mac and cheese is phenomenal!
Excellent!!  Great pasta and sandwiches. We will visit again when we come back to Vegas. Robert R
Hot Butter Rum!  That was my drink & it was wonderful!   (Here endth the review!0
The only reason it gets even one star is because they sell Redbridge gluten free beer. Seriously.
Delicious and authentic,Great view of Las Vegas strip.Enjoyed the air strip and friendly service.
lovely buffet but overpriced.  Need to offer a better selection of breakfast cocktails,
Mostly great food. Love the small menu as big ones make me crazy and I can't ever decide quickly.
Great gyros and salad. Friendly staff. Only problem was tough to get a table at lunch!!
Great happy hour and food. Relaxed atmosphere with all the sports on TV my husband could wish for!
Really strange parking situation and super inappropriate conversations among the waiters.
10 minutes off plane and ordering a #1. Freakishly great.
Very yummy!!!  Nice selection.  Great toppings.  Glad to have the coupon for my first use
Amazing, delicious, healthy vegan dishes! Happy to have stopped here on our way back home.
The food was tasty but it was a limited menu for. Mexican restaurant. The servers were nice
My first time coming to this coffee house and the customer service / coffee was amazing !!!
Pretty awesome Chinese.  Szechuan pork, barbeque spare ribs, and egg rolls were all awesome.
They have iPhone 6S in stock!!With a extremely friendly staff John the manger is great!!
Great bar open and friendly. A definite for Pittsburg. Yes its a gay bar but it don't matter here.
best pizza in charlotte!!!! my favorite date night.
Great sushi, ambiance and out of this world Grilled Brancino with carrot puree. Highly recommended.
Best flare (or regular) bar on the strip. Bartenders have as much fun as guests. They pour generous!
Really great iced mocha and amazing toast. The owner is very friendly and a really cool spot.
Great Bar*B*Q, the charcoal smell from the parking lot just draws you in. Resistance is futile.
I was disappointed after hearing rave reviews from friends. But would give one more try.
drive up window and five $$ pizza best idea ever! And they hire the nicest kids ever!!!
Great job, great service.  Service first facility for State Farm and I can see why. Thank you
Beautiful view and delicious food. Definitely try the brisket sandwich. Great sangria.
Flavorless falafel sandwich. Filled with lettuce. Hardly any sauce. A couple of pickles.
Best mall in MISSISSAUGA. Everything you need is in this place and every year it is getting better.
run, don't walk away from this owner and company. not professional or trustworthy.
Food and entertainment were excellent!!!  Will definitely go again.  Price was very reasonable.
I love it! it has the best pizza for the price. The best place to eat Pizza blanca white pie.
Love the chocolate crullers! So light and fresh. Service is always fast and friendly.
Free wifi, good cappuccino and really nice music in the speakers! What nore could you ask for?
Troy worked on my car. Did a great job. Fast and friendly! Thank you!
Enjoyed a nice German omelette and grits. Nice atmosphere and a complimentary mimosa. Thanks.
One of the best cold brews in the valley of the sun.  Quick tip: Cartel is next to gate C11.  Enjoy!
What a monumental waste of money.  Forefathers is the only place to go for cheese steaks.
Very happy to say carpets and more backed their product and took care of my issues thanks so much
I love Party Cake. They have the best pumpkin rolls (seasonal) and Orange cookies.
No bathrooms I have to live because I have two babies plus I'm a look at the wood in the line
Great bagels. Very professional and friendly staff. Love this place for a quick stop.
great service,always promt and very professional.
Fast, friendly service. Food is consistently good, we love to stop in often.
High priced, average at best food, and poor service don't add up to a good dining experience.
Not what you would expect after watching the show rather have went to trader joes and got dessert
Very crappy service.... Adam says he doesn't care about customer service.  He's a manager....
LUV going here :) clean, friendly ppl, recommend to anyone
The food is average and the service is TERRIBLE! The manager does nothing to rectify the situation.
this taxi driver drove me in a circle around the airport to rip me off. stay away
Wow.. I was surprised by the taste and food quality at this restaurant. So glad to find this place!
Great place awesome atmosphere and they have specialty Saturday nights with different themes.
I liked the atmosphere but the food was WAY too salty.  Just didn't care for it.
One of the newer locations.  Definitely try their wings, poutine and sweet potato fries.
I have nothing negative to say about this 5 star place with a great ambience and top notch food.
Do not fly this airline!!  I'm an executive platinum member and receive zero extra privileges!!
Overpriced w/ very average food. Past it's prime.
great service and awesome place to watch a game. bartenders are kind and fun. cant wait to go back!
So Pro, So fast...got my red flash issue fixed
not very good but the egg pancake is arite the service is horrible tho :(
Had a great time Angel makes working out fun. Eva was too kind...can't wait to go back.
Pizza Hut is no longer in business at this location, it has been gone for many years.
If you're a single person dining alone, expect your server to ignore you.  The food is fine.
Great frittata and buckwheat pancakes.  Highly recommended.  Nice decor. Prompt service.
You a joy to be in a much needed business. Sally has nothing but best working in her business.
Amazing cappuccino!  Smooth and nutty roast -- not burnt or over-extracted.  Well-done.
This location offered very friendly service and was very helpful in answering all my questions!
Very friendly staff.  Fast service.   Tastes great.  And bonus 10% off by checking in
Giada is here today. Looking forward to brunch. I'll write the review after our meal.
Very very good Pad Thai.  Sat on the patio out back.  Very worth the wait.
Relly bad service.  I never seen before. Not professional. I won't be there anymore :((
Glad they have X-ray machines. Weak that they only look at the pictures and not the patient.
Great place to get the BEST extension hair!  Always helpful and fun!!!!  Thank you Hair Shop!!!!
I love this place! Great drinks, service amazing great to go to for night out in the city
Awesome ice cream and best homemade waffle cone I've ever had!
Very good service--reliable, courteous, and effective! Peg & Dave D
They did an excellent job in alerting a formal dress from a size 4 to 0.  Highly recommended.
Best Thai food in Las Vegas. Eat here; your life will be better.
Good place with a nice atmosphere. Food is good, and they offer yelp coupons.
Dr. Rob is amazing and patient. He took his time and made sure he did the the job correct.
Best chili cheeseburger in charlotte! Friendly staff. Onion rings were great as well.
Great local Sports Bar! Great food! Great service! Great view of the TV's for sporting events!
I love their Express lunch. you get so much food for a good price.
Fast service and clean. I am not a fan of the sandwiches but the rest of the food is good
Pretty nice for a Friday happy hour.  Great prices and nice location and view from the patio.
Good location, always great service to get me in and out with my cup of coffee.
nice shopping area with good places to eat
Very good food and service. I'm a Louisiana native and this is the closest thing to going back home.
This place is so good and reasonably priced. The service is excellent and food delish!
Showed up early! Stayed late! Went above and beyond. A real pleasure to work with.  Thank you
LOVE the Italian hoagies - I don't know what that dressing is but it is addicting!
Great flower. Little to no choice on concentrates  great service I will definitely return
Edgewater customer service was unprofessional and they really could care less about you!!
great service. Really good chaat. Was exactly what we needed as a quick break during the day.
Food was delivered quickly and overall atmosphere was nice. Bartender did a swell job.
Great coffee, smoothies and frozen lattes!  Best coffee in downtown Pittsburgh.
Best Carne Asada tacos in PA! The corn tortillas are really good. The staff was really friendly.
Finally...... Took 3 tries but they Finally got an Order right...
ultrasounds came out really nice ane service was awesome money well spent
Are here today ordered some carne asada fries and there was a rock in my food. Like legit a rock.
Very understaffed for night shift. Corporate needs to get the scheduling figured out.
Took my pup here to get groomed and they did an awesome job! Tucker came out looking great
sprouts seems to be involved in price gouging, every thing in here is overpriced
It Amazes me with awesome deals every time I go there. :) plus 2 Timmy's in the mall.
nice Target helpful reps and lots of selections.
After all of the talk, I couldn't wait. Thought it was going to be amazing. Just ok in my opinion.
Great variety, quality, & service! Stopped by for a quick dinner, served right away. A true gem!
I loved this place. If you visit Vegas you must come here for an ultimate dining pleasure.
Love this place! My favorite spot for pho with the best service. The staff is chill and super nice
Great food. Reasonable prices. Service was a little slow.
Excellent! Loved our waiter, very friendly & helpful. Would highly recommend
The staff was rude and the food sucked. Also the beer ALL tasted watered down. Avoid!
I've been eating Tony's pizza since I was a kid! Love this place, the pizza and the canoli's!!!!!
Food is great and fresh. The churros are a rip boiiii lemme tell you
Best nice dinner deal in Vegas! Yummy, affordable, and with great portions.
Thanks Dr. Manning for getting my arm back to 100%! And believe me it was pretty messed up!
This is my favorite sushi place in town! I highly recommend the first love roll, so delicious!!
The waitress was a real b*tch, really rude I'm surprised she still works there. Never going back.
There is a long line every time I come here. I'm writing this review while I'm waiting.
If you need any thing from these people, forget it. They take your money, and blow you off.
very good place to eat - all items are well prepared
We loved it all! The poutine, cider, maple bacon, salt n peppa wings all yum!! Thanks guys!
Went there today. Really enjoyed our b Benny's. Great coffee too. You gotta eat here!
One of the best risotto's I've had.
Not what pictured when ordering an A ai bowl. No fresh fruit except banana. Very sugary.
Sometimes the service is a little slow. But it's worth the wait for the black n bleu burger. Mmm
I am so bummed that RePeate's  closes. They had the best Greek food in town!!
Very friendly check in staff. Clean room. Quiet. Surprising since we are so close to the airport.
Open early. Airconditioned. Dark. Divey. $2 drinks...works for me!
Great service!  Cheryl is super nice. Will definitely go back again. Prices are reasonable as well.
The owner is a professional and cares about his customers! The tia tea is the best I have had!
These tax professionals are fantastic, friendly, attentive, and very welcoming!!!
The food was good and the customer service was refreshing. I wish the .50 Frosty's was still going.
Dennis in transportation was a God send!! Thank you for your great service. Booktini loves you.
Snobby checkin desk. Wouldnt answer a question. Seemed to hate their life, decided to leave instead
Great juice at a great price. Much cleaner than elephant vape, and imo way better juice.
I only go to this salon for hair cut, I will miss you Holly :)
Doesn't get much better. Granted, it's a pretty new stadium with all the latest amenities.
We love Bombay on Green St! Really delicious Indian food, can't go wrong!
Great!  Cute atmosphere and courteous staff.
I like this place next time you're looking for delicious greasy Mexican food this is the place!
best dj's... dope girls from the urban environment....decent drink prices.....dope spot!!!
Try their French strawberry crepe, it's amazing! Their lattes are great too -- love this place!
I look forward to my pain au chocolate every weekend at the public market.
Went with my book club and we all enjoyed the food. Very nice staff, good food and great prices!!
Was mediocre, better places around. I had the chicken and it was dry, the dessert was great
Horrible salesman no knowledge of the product they are selling. Bad deals rude financing
Best ice cream. Most recently tried Nutella & banana and strawberry & coconut. TO DIE FOR!!
Not much to add to previous reviews.  Good Vietnamese food.  Loved the pork bun.
I only went to the target here. Shopping center appeared to be huge.
Very clean and organized Dollar Tree location...one of the nicest in the Valley. Staff is friendly.
Excellent Coffee!! My Latte was incredibly smooth and the ambiance was very relaxing.
Brew tea bar is hands down the best tea bar in town. Their drink menu and service is excellent!!!
If you're looking for a quick single-person pizza for lunch, this is a good takeout choice.
This place rocks my socks off. Ice cream flavours are impeccable.
Wonderful homemade food. Service is slow but in a good way. Everything is made to order. BYOB
good food here! defiantly a great happy hour!!!
sooooo good!! Great sushi, sake, service and habachi!!!
Good home cooking with very friendly atmosphere. Seemed liked the wait staff knew everybody!
The Brown butter sauce and pesto ranch are both worth trying at least once.
A little greasy but otherwise very good. Nice people and huge portions!
Sat at sushi bar. Had spicy edamame and 8 pieces of sushi. Very tasty, very fresh. Good place.
This is a great Rio Salado campus that offers GED prep and English Language classes for adults!
Just ok
Love this place, the service is excellent and baristas Hannah and May are always smiling.
This place is amazing!! The All Day Burrito is mouth watering!! A++++ customer service!!!
All I will say is that you can tell by the photos that this place is not well known for its food...
It was a fun place to grab lunch. Good food and service. Loved the decor. Greatly appreciated.
Great place! The food is good and the owner is from New Orleans and they have ABITA beer!   ddc
Located in the new Bally's Bazaar area. Tiny place but fun! Sooshey and Vahe are awesome!
Wonderful, comprehensive, and efficient class with Tom! I will be back in the future for sure.
Amazing food, super convenient and reasonably priced. Of your looking to save time this is it.
The girls here always do such a good job with my braids! I'll be booking my next appt soon!
One of the nicer breakfast places to check out. Go there for Mimosas and crepes!
Good variety.    It's a sports bar so very noisy.     Food is good tho and service is great
Excellent food and friendly service. Little gem On Dupont. Who could imagine a place like this one?
Love the Hunan special chicken #3. Best in town.
Had new ac put in by francisco and leonard!! Excellent and professional service, great job guys!!!
I bought an antique tiger oak sideboard/ reasonably priced, Love it. Been going to them for years.
Awesome food.  We had the mushroom pizza, chicken and waffles, veggie burgers, .....it was all great
Best buffet I've ever been to. Still dreaming of the pork belly
Ordered 2 shots the bartender gave me 3 and made me pay for them! What an shiny place
Great place for kids, women, and men!  All the stylist do a great job.  Good prices, too!
Conner the bartender is the absolute best. Go there and have a fun time.  And Jared is the shit too.
Great fusion. Food seemed fresh. Sushi, fish tacos, & chicken mole & plantains all were great.
Absolutely horrible service. Waited at the airport for nearly 50 minutes for a shuttle to arrive.
Awesome breakfast place! The sausages they case themselves, and the country potatoes were delicious!
Yummmmmmmmm so delicious, fresh, friendly service, and friendly prices.great highliter fuel.
Very good and prices are good for the area. Onion rings were great! Shakes are thick and creamy.
Wonderful place. Good food,great service, along with fair pricing. Plan on going back a lot
The Denver Omelette was awesome and the service was excellent! Thanks Nicole for the great service!
Amazing food. The service was terrific and the good was innovative. I am looking forward to go back!
Melrose Drive quality at Madison prices.  Highly recommend it for foodies and enologists!
I've been here a bunch of times. The food is always good, the service is always great.
Like Dr. falcon, very friendly and easily person. Best wishes to your business!
I love this place! Authentic Mexican street style tacos and open late most nights. Perfect.
Tremendous service! Good food and warm people! I think it was my best Banana bread I ever had!!
One of my Henderson favs. Great service; awesome food; great specials! Great location! A++++++
The food was amazing. And the delivery was quickly. No was grease food. Healthy nd delicious
short and sweet, great food that has a worldy culture for all your taste buds! try it out!
Great tortallini, service and atmosphere.  Great for singles to sit at bar and have dinner.
Quality, service, taste and interior  Everything is excellent :) I want to come here again
Filet mignon tips are dynamite and a great value for $13. Also the Greek Sliders are pheominal.
Great customer service. Great food. Great price on lunch special. Too bad its hidden.
Great service and people.  I think his name was Timothy.  He was very nice and knowledgeable.
Every Jiffy Lube I've been to has had amazing service, and I recommend them to everyone.
Really nice date atmosphere great food and an upscale clientele. You'll be alright here.
Avi taught both my kids to swim. I'm a huge fan...tick-tock, tick-tock...
This store went out of business and no longer exists
Always good.  Fast service.  Also has drive thru for pick up.  Best BBQ around!
The absolute best! Awesome place. Great people.You will come out feeling and looking like Royalty!
$5 is the saving grace! Great deal on tickets and snacks on Sundays!
Amazing Tapas! the drinks were yummy...the atmosphere was great...a hidden gem in Las vegas!
Really good food and the best Moscow Mules in Pittsburgh. Sit at the bar. Great atmosphere.
Made a reservation over two hours in advance and when we got there still made us wait 45 min.
Great drinks. Incredibly rude service. Very unfortunate
Cool place to eat  found it on yelp while looking for a spot near my hotel. Great choice.
We eat here about once a week for lunch.  Always friendly, food is good, and the price is fair.
Good deals on artisan items. Lovely pottery, decorative art, clothing. Very nice people.
This is one serious lock shop. These guys were a great help and quite accommodating. Check them out!
Bomb af but snobby waiters they literally act like they can't wait to turn your table lol
Good hard working people/trainers, good vibes and good place to learn boxing and get in shape!
Amazing sushi.  Having only been there once they offered a great option for sashimi and chirashi.
Justin Wilson is a great attorney. Is very knowledgeable and helpful. Thank you again.
Good dim sum, but pricey even with the favorable US $ to Canadian $ exchange rate.
*sssssssshhhhhhhhhhhhh*  i'm effing melting into my brie burger.
I've never been in a spa shower that loses water pressure when someone flushes the toilet.
Love this place.  Great food at this husband and wife restaurant.  Have never had a bad meal here!!!
Great service and great food. The burrito bowls have a huggggee portion and taste great.
So many mead and cider options, good music and always come here for the Story Club Cleveland events.
Worked for Tao didn't work for marquee. Apparently marquee does not work with them anymore
waaaahhhh...pls dont!!!try krazy buffet...good service, clean place, nice food!!!
This place is delicious and very reasonably priced. Get an appatizer while your there
Fun atmosphere, good food, huge servings, cold beer. Pretty much what I'm looking for in a place.
Excellent food and friendly staff!! We needed this real Italian restaurant in North Scottsdale!!!
I LOVE this park. It doesn't even feel like you're in vegas anymore, great trails.
Their giant pretzel, wide varieties of beer, live entertainment, and a super friendly staff!
Nothing fantastic really but also no major negatives. Doubt I would return.
Tried kimchi bibimbap and it was horrible  They need to add more ingredients not only kimchi
Went in for prime rib last night and was not disappointed. Food and service were both wonderful.
Fresh cookies and good ice cream turned into a delightful cookie sandwich all for $2!!!
I love Kim and the staff! Just make sure to book an appt. because they do get busy!!! BUT worth it.
Amazing salon!! Shannon is excellent with my long layers and preserving the length of my hair.
Pokey Stix! Nuff said.
Excellent service. Went through repair work thoroughly and was honest. Affordable as well.
Amazing coffee and pastries. Good studying environment. Free wifi, with a good strong signal!
This place is the best greek food I have found in vegas. Hands down worth the drive off the strip.
Good price Chinese restaurant .. it's my 3rd times visit when I come vegas .. I like it anyway.
Love this place! The staff is extremely friendly and the food is creative and fantastic.
Great place for breakfast.  Diner through and through -  not too frilly and great service.
You Can try the Pita Beef Shawarma All dressed amazing taste, like nowhere in Montreal.
Best buffet so many different options love it they know me here and try to go once a week.
Great coffee! Had a gluten free cookie and my husband had a chorizo quiche and they were delicious!
Awesome fresh food. Great clean place. Friendly staff. Will definitely be on my short list.
Alright portions for the price. Very quick service!
I had the banana walnut pancakes. Very good and the service was very fast.  Can't wait to go back!
If you haven't tried it you are missing out! Great food, great prices...enough said.
Best beer in the city. I've been going since they opened and it just keeps getting better.
tried 3 flavour ice cream here, creamy and yummy! Love the cookie one and moose tracks~
Amazing honeymoon dinner and exceptional service! I would recommend the scallops!
Quaint coffee place in the Bellagio.  Somewhere to take a break from the casino crazyness.
Wish I had known what a douche pit this place would be before we booked.
 54 
My favourite bagel place in the entire world.  24/7, yo.
Massive menu!!!  Ate here yesterday for their pre-opening and everything was amazing!
Armando's is legit! Great cut, atmosphere and conversation! I would definitely recommend it!
A pretty good regional chain restaurant where you can eat ribz, wingz, etc.  Don't get too excited.
First Filly b's in AZ best Tamarindo and breakfast tacos!
Most things are more expensive than other grocery store.  And their playlist sucks! Can't stand it!
Great prices. Great daily specials. Friendly staff. Cozy atmosphere. Always a great go to place.
bacon battered fish n' chips.  just omg.  and for god's sake try the man candy!!!!!!!!!!!
Great breakfast place. Yummy food. Staff is friendly. Decently priced. Would recommend.
Broken iPhone 6S screen cracked. Replaced with the hour at the lowest quote in the area!
The price was decent.  Service was great.  Sushi was the best I've had for an all you can eat place.
The price is a lil high at first glance but after completing a meal here you will have no regrets.
This is one of my favorite donut spots. The Boston cream cronut is amazing!
Complete dump!!  It's disgusting.  Service is awful as well.  So filthy and it smells!
Claudia is an amazing realtor and always takes the time to make her clients feel like royalty.
Bacon Turkey Bravo good quick lunch sandwich . customer service was especially good today.
Food was really greasy, and the carne asada was horrible, I don't recommend this place at all.
Drive thru is for KFC only..huh? I don't get ot. The fish was pretty gross, food was cold
Competitive room rates, great rooms, top-notch restaurants, shuttle to strip. Best bang-for-buck.
Just the best! Fresh and delicious. Not to mention you get a lot of bang for your buck.
On a road trip and stopped for grub, shout out to Matt and Cassie for making our visit amazing!
Great food and sauces are bomb!!! Especially the jerk sauce!!!!! Open up a restaurant!!!!
Every time my sandwich is perfection! The staff is awesome! Super clean. Juan Lynn is amazing!
The Crazy Horse 3 is the best in the city . Staff is great and they have plenty of girls
Wow! The spicy omelette and red skin home fries are out of this world! Truly the best I've had.
Fast, easy, & professional service. Free CD is giving at your selection. Worth the drive!
This place never fails, alway good selection of food everything taste good its worth the price
Definitely one of the top five brunch places in Calgary. The mushroom egg Benedict never fails you.
Sat there with no help  Wasnt helpful  Rude people No help No help No help . . . .    .
Stadium is good setup for multiple events.  Concessions are easily accessible.
Food was bland. Salmon omelette was dry. Service is horrible and without a smile. Blahhh
Food has been incredible every time. Empress chicken and the egg rolls are my favorite.
The best Chinese I've had in phoenix! Fast, fresh, and delicious! Love the Wor Wonton!
Food was pretty good, came out quickly, friendly service, and decent prices for a hotel restaurant.
My favorite location. Monette is my favorite she goes above and beyond with customer service.
Aaron our waiter was awesome. The only thing that out did the service was the food ... amazing!!
Service here is amazing, and I love the coffee. Crepes are super creative and delicious.
I must say this place is very clean and the pizza is very delicious,thanks pizza moon..
The price s reasonable, cheese tonkatsu is soooo delicious.
Family owned. Great customer service & awesome food  I feel like family every time we go there
Overpriced just like you would expect it to be. Unless you're a big M&M lover, I would pass.
Pasta Brioni in a nut shell: Hot waiters. Mediocre food.
Ever since their name changed to five star, their shawarma wraps became inconsistent & not as good.
Like the food, and ambiance - prices are not too bad either, the Tempura Veggies are a great app
I was here for a business meeting at about 8:30 at night. It was nice and quiet.
They took away the best amenity, the compressed air. That was the main reason i went there.
Love the tropical cleanse smoothie. All made to order. FRESH!! Friendly and sweet owners!
Love the Bank. Door guy Brad is the man.
Wow one of the best breakfast in town. An the service WOW! Highly recommend this place.
Excellent salads. Had the almond orange salad.  Very fresh. Great service. Very cute restaurant.
Just go to Fry's just a little further eat off baseline and gilbert rd. this place is awful.
Fair price, the service could be better. Lack of selection but everything seemed fresh.   J out.
Best gun shop around.  Very knowledgable and helpful staff.  Keep up the good work Merchant.
Great authentic Mexican cuisine. Real Mexican Coca Cola. Great Tacos.
Big serving and good service but there pho is inconsistent sometimes good and sometimes salty.
Cleaner than any other QT I have ever been to. Very well stocked. Pleasant experience each time.
Very cool place to stop by if you're in Las Vegas.  A bunch of different flavors to try.
This location is no longer called El Nuevo Taquitos. It has been renamed Tacos Mi Ranchito.
Best ice cream (Kawartha) and huge scoops...what more could you ask for in an ice cream place?
I was a real customer. I do not benefit in any way by giving this rating.
nice staff, place is clean, and burgers are good. hits the spot when you need a good fresh burger
The food wasn't all the great ambiance was dull and service was pretty slow. TWO STARS!
Nice atmosphere food is good I think the brunch is alot better ...the wait in line is long
Great delivery service. I love the Philly Cheese Steak. But my son says the Pizza is the best.
I love the Pho.  But the macaron ice cream sandwich is the best.  Taro flavor is the best!
Good food but surly staff. Service with a frown. I always have Pho and the shrimp and pork rolls.
For $5 you can't beat this place for lunch. Well worth the wait and plenty of options
I really liked the idea of this. First pass is 3 stars, but need to go back.
Love this place, great atmosphere, nice outside seating area, love their pesto pasta & pesto pizza
Good place. If you're use to name brands just ask the hot chic with the tats. She knows her shit.
He did a great job and was extremely patient with all my questions. All the channels look great too!
Great food and nice atmosphere. Service was good and prompt. Definitely would come back.
Boba was great   new place. Very clean.  Very goid matcha float and lucky charm ice cream
Great neighborhood bar/restaurant with cold beer, good food, and a great staff!!
Meh, you can get gas here. A little underwhelming considering location.
Delicious lo mein and vey friendly family owned place. Would definitely order again
The food is good and the service is great, all for a fair price. I particularly like the sushi.
Don't go to Subway! Vito, pepe and tuna subs And the bread is good!*  *and I don't even like bread
Wonderful food ad service. All the staff was very friendly. Our  server Luis was awesome.
Great customer service. Love the people and the food is bomb. Busy so get there early.
Wow! Everything was fantastic--it may be an off-beat location, but definitely worth the effort.
You need to go here if you are in LV .  You get lots of great different meat. And exelent service.
Excellent customer service! All the staff are very patient and professional to give advice.
Fast service and reasonable price. I highly recommend these folks!
Awesome topping combo's on the Bruschetta board and panini's are killer!
Good coaching and community! Def would visit again!   Thanks for the great experience!
Not too expensive for a great meal! It would be hard to find something you didn't like on the menu.
Best orange chicken on campus. Pretty quick delivery and open late.
I love this place!  They always have the best country food and the service is always good.
Food was delicious, staff is very friendly. Reasonably priced. Check out their daily specials.
Best food in Las Vegas. A bit pricy, but worth it! Great service! Dog friendly on patio outside.
Cheaper than other locations, clean and near the bakery for coffee. I like this place.
This place is sooo good! Im from Arizona, cant find nothing similar to it! Best i ever had!!
Nice place, tasty food, cosy interior, attentive staff.  A piece of Peace in a noisy Toronto life.
These guys rock...good prices, great service, very clean etc.  You should really go to these guys.
The service and food were top-notch. The fattouch was out of this world. I can't wait to go back!
Super ghetto there. Any burger place that needs a security officer is not worth waiting in line for.
Great experience today and great carwash. Thanks to Angel, Chris and Randy awesome customer service.
Great drinks, and good snacking menu. Overall a nice bar with good service. I would come back here!
Wonderful bar - great food, great drinks, live and recorded music - just a great find for us
Best place to go to get work done. Wether it be studying or work. They also have a nice coffee shop
Good Jamaican food. Ya mon
More show than substance  Ordered their most popular dishes and was underwhelmed to say the least.
They deliver to my house. I always order the beef jerky and pad thai. I'm never disappointed.
I really like the food which is delicious and affordable sushi place next to college.
Love this place. Hidden, never crowded, excellent food and service. Great coffee, cristos and hash.
One of the best vegan spots in town. Everyone is always sooo nice here, they never disappoint here
Nice food, but some will be out really fast. Nice place.price may be higher than other.
Great hole in the wall Mexican food place. Very good service.  Definitely worth a try.
These guys have the best borek in town. They also have the halal beef borek which is awesome.
Del taco always has fast service. Just tried the chicken rollers, taste good. Only one dollar each.
Unprofessional....disorganized, hot ass mess..that is all
Great RV park with good people and activities...  LIke new Bathroom/Showers, good pool & spa...
Awesome food along the strip.   The atmosphere is loud and the lighting is dark but we didn't mind.
Cool dudes, great vibe, awesome coffee and a cute dog that greets you .. What more can you ask for?
Just grinded on a classic sub! Fresh as next to Baja Fresh but so American! God Bless both of them!
Wonderful ambiance, knowledgeable and approachable staff, great food. A high recommend from me.
Amazing place. The treats here are super delicious. The line ups are long but it's totally worth it!
Twin peaks Henderson is great!!!! Indiana is the greatest at the bar. Always a fun time!
Best staples out there, people were super kind and willing to help! Made my experience much easier
Really good food. Been wanting reasonably priced healthy food and they cook the food perfectly.
I watch Motown the musical and it was awesome!!! The employees are nice and theatre was butifiull
Crazy slow check out. Freaking painful, really. Get some staff with pep in the step already.
Cool spot for lunch outside on the strip with a great view, large portions so bring your appetite!
So good!! Great flavor choices! Plus the crumbly almond topping thing was awesome!
Went Saturday late afternoon and had a great time.  Bartenders were very friendly and knowledgeable.
The burgers are great, as was the service.  They have a fabulous beer selection.
Great Attorney that will help you win your case.  Great and friendly staff.
I seriously NEVER get tired of raising canes chicken & the sauce is amazing! Recommend completely.
legend.  any questions?  had seating at the last row, still could see the show just fine.
Cashier was very rude. Will not return to this location again. Stay away!
Fast and convenient - better Mexican food than in Chevy's. Closed from 3-5pm.
The only thing better than the pancakes here is the service!! I left feeling like family!!
Usually like in-and-out burger. Not the one near the airport in Vegas. Under done meat, cold fries.
Yummier Panera, what a treat! Chocolate chip cookies definitely on fleek.
Great staff, warm and welcoming, food was fresh and came out quick.  can't really complain .
This place is for take-out only beside the supermarket. Food and prices are reasonable.
great food, delicious shrimp and steak.. the lobster was best i ever had
Great time with the family on Fathers Day weekend.  The food and the service was exceptional.
Best Italian food in town! A must if you enjoy special dishes.
Great local food. Creative, taste and well made. Very welcoming and smiling personnel.
The sea salt cream is truly what sets this place from the other boba places in the Vegas area.
Wow  Una de las mejores pizzas que he comido!!! Me encanto la pizza del mes  Muy recomendable
Eaten here twice on this trip, this time lunch. Both meals where great as was the service
I just love our room! Got an upgrade for a lux suite! 20dollar trick works!!
Crazy as it sounds, I LOVE the chicken teriyaki bowl!
Delicious bruschetta! Loved the setting. This is a great place for a nice ladies lunch :)
Mediocre food and service.  Safe your money.
Nice, friendly little nostalgic ice cream parlor.  Kids love this place and I love their ice cream
I scream, you scream, we all scream for... Custard? You get the point.  Mmmm Mmmm Good!
Love this place. Great for the kids and their Salmon Salad is excellent.
My New strip was a rock I ordered it med rare it was slightly pink...I will give it a shot again!
Great little hidden treasure off the clutter of the Strip!!!!!
Not only did we get great looking sun shades, but we are saving dollars on air conditioning!
amazing everything especially potatoes, banaba bread and lobster omelet yummmm!!!
The froyo there was good. Wish they carried moochi and had more tart flavors. I really like tart.
Nicely priced. Great selection. Roomy sushi bar. One of the better casino sushi restaurants around.
Great customer service. Helpful staff. Clean facilities. Couldnt ask for more from a gym.
Took good care of me! Don't buy luxury items much, but I expect to be treated as such, when I am...
Very nice but very exclusive, look good to get in! You won't regret this chic night in Montreal
Excellent customer service from Jason in buying a new Honda CRV.  Highly recommended!
It's an alright bar with great wings. Karaoke night there is awful on Sundays.
While Calabria Italian Kitchen & Deli is at this location the Grocery portion has been CLOSED.
Little ghetto and they never have baggies. Friendship park? Should be called "poop park" lol
Great Salon and great service..  Special thanks to Marquel my hairstyle she is amazing ..
service was slow plus out of dark meat chicken? I understood that Father's day means slower service.
Yummy food, horrid service and completely overcrowded.
Great to work with! Quick, knowledgeable and friendly service! Thank you Posters Mostly!
It's good food and also a nice place to go have breakfast. My whole family loves coming here.
First timer! Loved it. And the owners are so sweet! Had the Looney Laney and it was delicious!
greasy pizza, terrible service- like having to yell at the server to come over when its not busy.
This place is a family favorite. There's something for everyone from ice cream to cookies.
Best place to go for bagels. http://lovetoblog.ca/?p=97
My favorite is veggie roti, my daughter's is shrimp roti. I travel 3o min to eat here 2x per month.
Friendly family owned sushi place .. Sushi is always really fresh and quick service
I've experienced way better. Will not come back and the food is super heavy.
Very nice place the eggs Benedict with London broil were awesome and the mimosa was just as good
Great bbq but only reason I didn't give it a five star is their need for better sauces
HORRIBLE- raise rates and take away more and more. Customer service is terrible.  COX is a joke.
Service was really great and I loved the Dolsot Bibimbap!!
Very unprofessional, treats customers like trash ,rude and  Scams customers DON'T ORDER FROM THEM
Best new york style pizza dt!
Above average Chinese Restaurant. Large and spacious. Nice staff. Good portions. I'd go back again.
Love LGO and the rest of the offerings.  Great building, great food. Portions are small...
Good but Expensive.  I like the Rio Seafood Buffet more.
Yum! Loved the cocktails, loved the food, and appreciated the friendly service. We will SO be back!
We love their bagels and lox! Service was just okay though :(
Great new brew pub, excellent beers, good people.   Highly recommend a visit to this microbrass!
Loved the pancakes for brunch. Yes loved them . Nice place, good service.
One of the best Italian restaurants in down town Cleveland.   Great food, great atmosphere
As good a steak as I've had anywhere. Service was flawless and the old school ambience is for real.
Rain WAS cool... now its just a tourist trap. Better clubbin in NY or LA.
Concept was great but they have some serious kinks to work out.  Prob won't come back.
best breakfast in Pickering with warm friendly staff and owners
Also, just realized it's a great place for the Precious lookalike contest!
Amazing (pistachio flavor, at least).  I'd definitely walk there in ridiculous heat all over again.
The sushi just keeps getting better!
I've tried most of the high-end steakhouses in town and Mon Ami Gabi has best steaks in town.
Super excited! I'm sure I'll be using them. More updates to come as they fix my stuff!
Love the staff, the happy hour specials. Who doesn't want free beer thrown upon them???
Typical chipotle place. The dining area was across the way bc it was in a mall. It was a bit dirty.
Best fried pickles ever!!!!  They have a large selection of beer. Support your local breweries!!!
Very nice location and view with overpriced mediocre food!
Pretty much the standard for pizza in Las Vegas..
very helpful on the phone and my friend loved her flowers
Ehh. Ok. Cool views from outside
Great service and great view from the outdoor seating area.
Excellent food from an Argentinian run group. Authentic. The contemporary atmosphere is quite nice.
nasty ass trash ass food on moms worst service ever to my name is robert ponce yell my name out
Hands down the best pizza in town. I usually have the Li Pecuri, with goat cheese and arugula.
Outstanding job, and a GREAT person!! Installed my surround sound!!
the VOLCANO roll is my new favorite roll - great service, excellent food, extensive menu,
Clean, quiet, decent, free breakfast and not overly priced
Right after eating the food I ordered my stomach was upset. I was sick all night!
Gorgeous venue! Cant wait to see another show here! Friendly staff and good sliders too!
This is why I shop at Target. I'll spend an extra $2 so I don't have to see hoodlums.
Great experience everyone is so helpful!! Highly recommended! Tons of ink to choose from!!
This was a delightful experience, great atmosphere, great selection of wine and food was incredible.
Hidden Gen inside the MGM. Near the food court, unassuming gourmet bar food. Amazing.
some discounts are really worth... had the large veg topping pizza... awesome
This is my Favorite place when ever I come to Vegas!!  Food Is read deal here with Light music
Confusing concept. But once we got our pomegranate ice cream I was in eternal bliss.
Holy attitude. They rushed us in and out. Food was just okay.  Manager was patronizing. Not nice.
Best hotdog I ever had. Kings Hawaiian buns ???!!!!! YOU yes YOU need to eat here. Enough said.
Best breakfast in town! Pancakes on point! Great staff! Hamed  & nick give the best service!
So rude, they made me cry. Good thing I'm just visiting Pitt so I don't have to go back.
Great service, excellent food, we will be back. Best India food we have had in a long time m
Awful awful and awful!!! Yucky food!!! The most disgusting so called Mexican food and very salty
I love the food here.  I always got delivery so I cannot comment on the atmosphere.
Dunkin, your 99cent medium iced coffees were heaven sent. Please bring them back.
eat here 2 times a week. great service from gail. reasonaly priced and good quality.
Great food! Better than bellagio buffet. Lots of options. We loved it!
Excellent quality food, specifically their seafood. Vest oysters I've had in Arizona!!
Sandy is amazing! The best in town! The color selection and music are always on point!
Everything we ordered was delicious! Petra, the owner is a gem!
i wish there was ddr..  but i guess they dont have it cuz its espn..
Great little airport bar with Sushi! Electrical outlets that surround the underside of the bar!
Great service and product! Staff really know what they are doing. Will recommend to anyone!
Craig is so awesome always does such a great job with my nails. Lots of colors to choose from.
Nice esp for brunch.  You have to try places like this at least once or 12 times...
Very inefficient crew. Still in line after 17 minutes and have yet to make it to the register
Great gyros! You get a great portion with the meal and the taste is great! I definitely recommend
Current GM and owners show customer service skills. Nice quiet spot to workout at
Great food, good service, nice clean fun place. I just had a couple soft crab rolls and loved them!
Normally they are great but seemed to be having an off day.  But willing to give them another shot
Nothing special, missed quite a few hairs, however did listen when told not to make them too thin.
Great place to take a walk alone or with other people. Very peaceful clean, and quiet.
One of my favorite brunch spots in Charlotte! They always have great specials too!
On Point everytime! Meat galore plus hard working staff
great food and fast ,and cheap
If I could give zero stars, I would! Served warm beer and the food was a joke! Never again.....
The place for anything Porsche.  Great service, prices and expertise.
very clean.  Good food.  too bad it's so crowded now.  Worth the wait though.
Incredibly talented stylists and absolutely affordable, and best of all, so so so worth it!
After taste is that of garbage. Only ice cream I couldn't finish.
Ok food... A little bit salty and spicy... But a lot of side dishes... Worth the price...
We loved it. Lots of healthy options, hearty portions of fruit, and all around deliciousness.
Great treats and most importantly, proper espresso based drinks. Made fresh and quick!
The best buffet in LV. Have a great time with family. Too expensive!!
Love sally she does great work. Make sure you make an appointment because the wait can be long
Great! Beautiful and unusual exhibits! Be ready to do a lot of walking, because this place is huge!
Awesome!!!!! Never had bad service or food.  Prices are great.  Open till 2Am.
i love this place! our waiter was great and the food was fresh.  TRY THE PINK BIKINI
really limited selection - there has to be something better in this neighborhood
I got a great full groom for delta my golden retriever and an amazing teeth cleaning. Great stuff
Great desk staff, very friendly and helpful doctors and hygienist.  I recommend them.
Good coffee, excellent service and a good choice of snacks. Over all a good cup of Joe.
My favorite spot in AZ for ja jang myun. The noodles are soooo good and the sauce is on point!
Good stuff! Don't forget the Jets bread.
Easy good and inexpensive - love mine animal style!
Fun place to take your family for a history lesson. See how people lived in early Arizona.
Had the Coconut Berry Slush! SOO YUM!! There's only coconut milk inside, so non-dairy :)
Great food, great service. The steaks here are always juicy and tasty!
Great Stadium, food was even cheap, which is rare for a ballgame.
Finally a sizzler after couple of years  Hope they maintain the consistency  Good service as well
 
OK if you're absolutely desperate.  It was pure grease.
Great food, excellent margaritas. Also, great views of the Bellagio fountains. Mediocre service
hostess were very nice, our waiter did,nt care, food was so so, price very hi for the type of food,
Just amazing. The hot dogs, polish sausage and the italian beef.
No website link..so can't see a menu.  Called number during posted hours and no answer.
Quality installation of two outlets, came out to install the same day. Definitely recommended!
Great food, service and price. Had the BBQ Pork sandwich and wife had the pear salad.
I like their lemon chicken and the most great thing about them is they deliver after 5 pm.
really dig ravy. soup/wrap combo for $12 is as good as you get in this area.
Friendly service, generous portions, good selection of banchan. Will come here again
Great crew, great help and got it done quick! Highly recommend Dose moving for your next move.
Gotta love the Pizzookie and the Dirty Monkey!! So worth the wait!! Legalize Marinara!!
Great service! The owner was very nice. One of the best authentic kbbqs I've been to so far.
The Holiday Turkey sandwich is so good, I just ordered one 4 days after Thanksgiving!
This place is one of the best mom and pop pizza shops I have ever been to.
Good food, NO SMOKE!  Hey, this place is probably worth going back to again!
Great selection of yogurts and toppings.
Try the Bugsy Siegel omelet and the stuffed French toast.
The staff are friendly. Great hotdogs (Southern 500). Good music. Get the black bean side.
Yummy yummy. Had the mango chicken quesadilla. Pleasant staff and surroundings. Lovely courtyard
It's a Tim's mini location. Dont plan on sitting down. Its normally pretty fast at this location.
The lady with the tattoos is so unfriendly and never smiles or says Thank You!
Food sucked. No alcohol in the pitcher of margarita!!! Great place for people watching.
Always have a great time here.. attentive staff. Good drinks and fun. Nothing else is necessary
Delicious coffee, i love the croissants!!! And of course the cranberry orange's muffins!!!
Great place! and Bartender Kristina (i think) is awesome.
has a wide variety of pipes of all different price ranges.  Friendly staff.
Had lunch during the week of their grand opening. Great food at a great price.
By far the BEST green chili burrito in Phoenix!!! You have to get one!
So fresh and delish.  My husband and my favorite lunch spot on the weekend.  Closed Sundays :(
Favorite buffet-hands down. Great food, resembles more finer dining than a buffet.
Delicious and fresh. Good portions, great selection, and low prices. Across from the hospital.
Food was excellent but is expensive for the small portions and left hungry. They make good cocktails
Best steak house!!  Waiter was great and give us good advice in regards to menu items.
Got great service, the food was excellent.  My mom got lots of crab.  The food was good.  Awesome!
Great food and atmosphere. We eat here on a regular basis and have never had a bad time or food.
Excellent this is my favorite Sushi place they dont offer all you can eat but I prefer the quality
Only had the drinks. Large selection, good atmosphere. Would defnitely go again.
Really good place for Vietnamese food. In love with their drinking food. Great service.
Stop by gate C12 at PHX for real espresso drinks pulled by real baristas. Great beans for home too!
Went there with my family and ate there.  The service and food we ordered are excellent.
Love Dr. Bullaro and ALL staff including the front office. Everyone is very friendly and helpful!
Can't say I have ever had bad service here. This is actually my favorite men's wearhouse locations.
The bomb! Great food and awesome friendly staff! :)
Event coordinator was very snarky to wedding vendors working an event there.
I come here several times each week... love it. Always consistently good.
Delicious broth! Fun to watch them make the noodles :)
Really good just wish it wasn't located inside smokey casinos
Great service GReat burgers and the best apple pies FRIED like McDonalds use to! HELL YES!
Absolutely loved this place . Taking pictures with the Coca Cola Bear was really cool.
Love this store, great inventory.  Used and new furniture at reasonable prices.
Great food.  Great service.  Great experience.  My new favorite Central Avenue corridor eatery.
Fast and friendly service plus the food is amazing and so many delicious options to choose from!
Whatever a dictionary defines amazing as, that will be my comment for this place.
This place was SOOOOO GOOD. Nuff said!
Why were you closed today?. It's Tuesday and it's 4:30pm. I was looking forward to trying this place
Good food, great beer, reasonable prices, chill atmosphere. Great place to take parents!
Great food, great service, great value.  The best spot in Pickering for breakfast by far.
They can get pretty busy, but it's worth the wait for their pistaccio sicilia gelato!
I thought the French onion soup was a little sweet for my taste.
It's true. The parking lot was empty. No customers. Well stocked. Short lines.
Fast and professional. Price is reasonable. Also near my house. Owner is really nice and polite.
Great experience! Both dogs came back smelling and looking great!!!! Will use mobile service again!
Sushi is great and service is very good-only sushi place that delivers to my house
Cafe Italia is now a Fileberto's. I was saddened to see this change.  :(
This is a great school for all your beauty needs. Staff is great. Prices are reasonable.
Super! Un bon apportez votre vin. Le tartare de boeuf, les frites, le service tr s bien
Love this place. The staff is great, food is amazing, and the price is reasonable. Win win win
My second trip to the best buffet in town, all I can say is AMAZING!!!
On time and even texted me 30min before showing up. Carpets came out great.
wiat was a bit long during the lunch hour, however great food  and great service.
AMAZING! had just what I needed to complete my halloween costume!
Fun place. Took my 4.5 year old and newly 2 year old and they had a blast. Highly recommend.
Fantastic food, great company, friendly and Relaxing.
Good service but everything was too salty!!! Maybe the house potatoes need to be less seasoned
Go there and eat. Don't argue. Get the Salt and Pepper Chicken. Just Do it. Do it.
Love their pepperoni and jalape o pizza!
Great ambiance, food, and drinks. A perfect spot for happy hour. You won't be disappointed!
NO WIFI???? Katie great server. Wings just ok. Lots of breading.
Yep, a true east coast deli, great pizza, good sandwiches, fast service at a good price.
ill just drive another 5 minutes to Tacos El Gordo next time i want tacos.
for the record, i prefer pork-based broths.  my rating is a bit skewed.
Danny and Eriq got me moved safe and sound in no time. Would def  book these guys again!!!!!!
Three of us shared a Large Big Bad Wolf pizza - the best I've had in years! We will be back!!
Huh? ---- be stupid?   Huh!  ---- buy 1 get 1 free!  Ooooooooooooooooh! I'm in DIESEL!
Great food masala could have a little more Flavor but it's about 7 of 10 so not to bad
Friendly service from Chris. No wait, nice haircut for my son, at an affordable price.
Excellent! The food is out of this world!  The staff is very attentive and just wonderful!
So good. I wish we had one of these in Northern California. Good for midnight munchies.
Good place for general Maintenance, friendly staff
Wonderful. Can only hope that others appreciate this as much as I do and that it's a huge success.
Zara did a good job,excelent service with lot of fun.
A large easily feeds three people. We went with La Reggae and freaking loved it. Highly recommend.
I have been a patient for 20 plus years. Hope Dr Riddle never retires. Highly recommended.
I always find great prices on fish and corals there and Jorell is a great guy and very knowledgable.
Really great shaping! The lady was nice but it was a little awkward since no one else was there.
This place was ghetto and I just felt unsafe. Stars because at least they had what I needed.
Innovative, fun menu.  Beautiful decor and layout.  Great service.
I really like this place. Good consistent dishes and the seafood always hits the spot!
Great pizza ! Nice costumer service! I would definitely recommend this place to all my friends!
Awesome service. Awesome pizza. Awesome drinks. Great happy hours. One of my Henderson favs
The best coffee around. Knowledgeable staff, cozy atmosphere.
Absolument fantastique!
Had a nice time at the Carlos Jones free concert.Dont really come down theer for anything else.
Great food, great customer service.  Highly recommend plus they have the best pies in town.
I like their Mongolian Beef & Dry Beef Chow Fun. Really good :)
Lots of M&M stuff! Kind of overpriced but great stuff! Everyone loves M&Ms!
Zen zen taste, taste good!!! If you want traditional Chinese food, go there as soon as possible.
Sick after eating here... Don't recommend...
Great priced happy hour food and drinks. Bartenders were very attentive and great conversation also
Food just OK, raw Oyster always empty, poor service.
Just happened to be over that way and stopped in...what a nice surprise. Lots better than Starbucks.
Don't miss: French onion soup  Skip: Frites  Eating lunch? Ask for a table in the sunroom.
This place has a bigger dance room rather than other places.
FOGO or NOGO! wise words i read in a yelp review here.  best steakhouse i
Great service been going here for a long time can't complain the prices are fair as well
Dr. Marino and his staff are top notch. I would highly recommend them to anyone in need of help.
Awesome food, delicious pizza and pasta.  They serve draft Kilt lifter four peaks beer!
Brianna rocks. Great food. Bottomless everything. The pricky pear lemonade is awesome.
This place gets better & better. If only lyrics they could do something bout da wait time.
   green curry amazing  fried tofu so so  fried soy chicken amazing
Double-Double animal style with well-done animal style fries!  Need I say more?!
Had the Chile Rellenos and was really good, Good Food and a nice atmosphere.
The food was very good   BUT   Half way through our salad, our entree arrived. Felt very rushed.
I've been doing my taxes with Marie over three years now and I'm really happy with her
Brought a group of 12 all was great   Superb service!
Pros: Easy donation drop off. Contentious employees.   Cons: Scary neighborhood.
What can I say? We mark Honey Hut's opening day on our calendars. We like all of their flavors.
Fatburger was good. Onion rings were okay. Lemonade was refreshing.
bagels french and dense, arrive early to saint v else most kinds sold out
Zoltan works really hard to get the perfect view, perfect pose and perfect lighting.
Awesome service, prompt response, reasonable prices and expert job done.  Highly recommend.
great place to watch almost any game & the friendliest & hottest bar staff....I'm a fan!
A 20 minute hand procedure cost me $7,000.  Enough said.
I go get a cup everyday to get my morning started. I love the butter pecan hot coffee!
We enjoy both the food and the serivce.  Fairly large bar area.  No Smoking is nice too.
Not one employee seemed like they wanted to be there. Probably should rethink their career choices
Not bad. The portion is pretty big. The service is kinda slow though...
Pho Rancho open again. Quick service and very friendly.  it's 93 here and I still love my pho!
I had a veggie dish. It was okay,  the potato salad had too much mustard. Yams and greens was okay.
The Bad Breath burger gets my vote for best specialty burger in Madison.
Totally lived up to the hype!!! That's all I gotta say, great service and great food!
The best in town fair prices .los mejores en Las Vegas y los precios son justos se los recomiendo
Awesome local joint in Etobicoke!  The service is always solid, and the food is delicious!
Best pizza I have ever had. The pepperoni, tomato and olive is incredible. LOOOOOOOOOOOOVE IT!
No wait for lunch during CES! Food tasted great and service was good.
Waited 45 minutes and never got acknowledged by any of the waiters. Looked like good place oh well.
Was a bit hesitant to try this but it worked 100% free at Omnia. Gonna always try this
I walk the park almost every morning.  It makes you forget you live in an over populated fishbowl.
Mishell is really GREAT , I Love coming back to her
Average Mexican restaurant but super fast service!
You can't reach a human being on the phone.  caused me to call and shop at target instead.
my daily :) best coffee in montreal and sweet staff.
Really good pho. Fast service, clean. Will come here next time I feel like pho again.
Staff great! Newly renovated! Only hotel with free parking in downtown!!
Do not miss out on this place. The beer is great and the food puts this place over the top.
I walked in too order and seen the food prepper wasn't wearing any food prepping gloves
I love Ageless Forever and recommend Dr. Pierce and his team to everyone I meet
They have the good gummy bears and the good deal on salmon on weekends so love the place.
Great burgers and fries. The desserts are incredible as well. Taylor was a pleasure to deal with
Menu changed.  Double check before heading back expecting one of your favorites to still be there.
Always here for brunch, and love the yakitori salad, grilled skewers set and miso black cod.
Fun place, good vegan options. Great drinks. Their vegan chili is excellent.
Love this cozy little spot. Great food and quiet atmosphere. Great family restaurant.
Good burger, slow service - ESP at lunch. Convenient to walk to but don't drive - no parking.
This place is great,  really loved eating here,  this is our second time and we will be back.
Good atmosphere, the salmon was very good on a bed of cucumber and radish. Nice little place
Great service  Cool atmosphere  Good food  Cool Downtown spot !!
Best seafood in Vegas that's not on the strip!! Bouillabaisse and lobster roast were awesome!!!!
Hands down favorite restaurant! MUST try the muscles and scallops!
Open face turkey sandwich is great......
Excellent taste, food, service and flavors with healthy size portions. Recommended.
Welcome back Mr. Sterling. Not sure about the decor.  Service and food is great.
Bought a mega millions ticket, didn't win, but the customer service desk was nice.
Absolutely one if my favorites in Phoenix! It's a tradition to make a stop when I come visit.
Really good spot tucked away in a small lil plaza. Great brunch, great place to hang out.
The food is just okay (menu isn't that big), but I'm a big fan of the outdoor yurt.
The burgers are on point! The corn dog batter is amazing and the shakes are good! I will be back
Great customer service from Brian, friendly and helpful.
My husband and his father love the veal Parmesan and my minestrone soup was great! Nice place.
Wonderful food!  Amazing service! Brunch is delicious!  Will definately be back! Thank you Giada!
long overdue, i visited this place back in Feb. the drinks and food are truly exceptional.
Excellent food! And the. Chocolate cake was to die for! Definitely a good restaurant for a date.
Great quality cuts are always on point beard work is dope too and they' re open on sundays
Best curry place in town, clean and nice siting. Great place to take someone out, prices right.
One of the best steak experience. Salad bar was also fantastic! Well priced and great service!
Excellente cuisine et service impeccable. Menu apr s spectacle int ressant.  Danielle G.
Best porkchops ever, a great price, and great atmosphere. Friendly, attentive staff.
hands down best buffett in vegas. the wynn is probablt comes in second.
Great kosher restaurant in las vegas.  The Humus with the Shawarma was great.  Great fresh pita.
Food was great! Seems to be crowded a lot of the time and not very organized with handling food
The bruschetta is to die for, and brunch is fantastic. Don't forget the delicious mimosas!
Bon service    client le .  J'ai aim  le service  . Le vin  tait bon !  Super ambiance!
This place is fantastic!  I used to go to their Bloor West location all the time.
Besides not being able to find the portobella on my portobella grill sandwich, it was very good.
Yum! This place was delicious with huge portions!   Recommend the chicken Parmesan !!!
Delicious Sandwiches! Wow! I recommend this place and the guys there are great people.
Best buffet I've been to. And such beautiful decorations. Delicious meals, great service!
We'll love Garcia's, as a great neighborhood restaurant with good food at a reasonable price.
They keep raising their rates. Very hard to work with.
My new favorite place  off track betting cheap drinks amazing food and great staff. Try it today
It's no Cajun Queen...
Good prices. I was left alone to browse. Feel free to stop in and looksy...
Greatest ribs ever! Fell right off the bone.
This is my sister's and I favorite place for happy hour sushi. We love the 808 special!
I had the best Pumpkin curry of my life last night at the Balcony. Thank you! :)
Decent brisket - doubt I would order again Good service - nice folks Beer is expensive
Ordinary food and snobby waiters. This place survives on its Yorkville location, nothing more.
excellent for lunch, great price, no complaints fantastic quality and portion size is good
great pizzeria, italianstyle.  great atmosphere, but ALWAYS busy.  good wines as well....
April and team are INCREDIBLE! My car looks great and it was done in half the time Thank you guys!
Staff is awesome!!! I purchased a battery and they replaced it, Thank you guys so much!!!
Great burgers, great environment, kind of pricey for the food. I guess that's a natural in Vegas
First time here and we were surprised with the food.  We would like to go again soon.
$3.99 for a bacon, egg, cheddar breakfast sandwich. Came out warm and toasty but a little burnt.
Good food and nice people. The girl at the front rest is so sweet. Reasonable price with big portion
Love that they cater to all types of diets. Poutine is great! Staff just seems a bit off.
Pour les amoureux de beignes, comme moi, ca vaut le d tour. J'aime bien ceux   l'rable
Here is the best part...open on Sunday.  The other PHO joints around here are closed.
Amazing! I tried the Chalco combo platter and it was so delicious. I would definitely recommend!
The most delicious northern Indian cuisine. Friendly, accommodating and cozy-- love it!
Great food and great service . Ahi tuna taco was excellent . Loved the French fries and Brussels .
Wonderful cheeseburger and fries. Burger was juicy and cooked perfectly. Will definitely go back!
Good cupcakes, they have lots of different flavor I really like the carrot cup cake and red velvet!!
Always our old standby for a quick delicious meal.  Wife loves the hot and sour soup
A place where you always feel welcomed like one of the family and leave with a full belly.
I like Indian Chinese and simply loved the food here. :) Would defintely visit again :)
Been there once, but very good place. Discounted movies hard to find.
Worst party supply place ever. Service is so slow, and they practically have nothing.
For how busy they were at 7:45 on a Friday morning, I was out of there relatively quickly.
THE place to go in Kent for drinks! If by drinks you mean get date rapped by a frat boy or bouncer.
So many different choices and honestly good food. So glad I listened to the other reviews. Try it!
Average food, VERY limited delivery area, and abrupt customer service.  Very meh.
Just bad service all around. The people that run the VIP service are basically scam artists
Always good service and great food! Enjoy the drink specials! Fish is fresh and delicious.
Fast, friendly, great tasting yogurt.  I love taking my family to Golden Spoon.
Hands down the best sushi burritos in town. Chips and cheese are amazing. Highly recommended.
Always a fantastic meal!  They make you feel like family and the food is always great!
Great coffee, friendly staff, plus you get a chocolate covered espresso bean with every cup!
Great food great service great prices.  Had ths georgia pulled pork with devil spit sauce
Great place to do homework, relax with friends, or listen to music and enjoy a hot coffee.
Very Good!  Breakfast! Duck Confit Hash!
The banana chocolate tart was not  too sweet and the chocolate & sugar decoration was crispy.
Overpriced, small portions, long waits for seats, good service, esthetically pleasing.
Love the selection of vape gear they have!  Friendly staff, great selection of juices.
Good food. Good prices. Horrible coffee. The best thing on the menu is the Tuna melt on Rye.
3.5 stars, had the cheeseburger, not bad. Fresh Frys, good tasting iced tea. Interesting location.
Quality sushi for the price!!! Love coming here for Happy Hour!  Keep up the great work Sushiholic!
They are an amazing company, they reallly care about their customers !!
Had a RumRunner and was drunkdrunker. =)  Drinking these poolside made for a relaxing day!
Great fun! Dan did a great job. The rooms were so much fun we did all three in one night.
Over busy, not very welcoming or friendly. A novelty if that's what you're looking for.
Great place to hang out and use WiFi.  Also, they have a good made-from-fresh Chai Latte.
nice staff. very casual. baby chicken was great. burger was excellently made. very fast food-ish
Loved this shop along the Antique /Retro row on Main Street in North Las Vegas. Found a great kimono
Ok so we came here to sit and kill time. They locked up 30 minutes before they close. Lazy.
Wow, really nice place.  Darn great staff, darn great quality/clean, and darn great price !!!
This place is deelish. When in Vegas, venture off the strip and make your way here, def worth it!
Bought a birthday cake for my office manager it was the BEST intown.
One time my friend ate a ton of salt here and barfed all over the place.
Choices: Many - Food: Delicious - Service: Spot on. Going back: Definitely!
Nice venue for a show.  We saw a good one . Clean and welcoming. The coffee place was nice too.
Great food.  Nick was great.  His wine suggestions was really good. I always love to come here.
good food, best Mexican in the area.  Good value tasty and fans service.  Highly recommend.
Erica gave me the best service and have awesome insurance rates.
This store is convenient and has great produce and good prices.
Best Mac cheese anywhere!!!  The service was fast and friendly, and the prices are SO reasonable!!
Really disappointed after hearing how incredible it's supposed to be. Very bland and too soggy.
The macaroons are so good that you'll imagine eating them in a giant PAC-MAN video game.
Best taro milk tea EVER. hands down. If I lived in Vegas, I would drink it every day.
Juan & Karen are kinda rude. Won't return to this location based on poor customer service.
Nice looking dining room and wonderful food. Great service and and beer selections.
Good food, good service. It is especially nice to have the great toppings for the pancakes.
Quick spot to grab a healthy meal. Lots of options and usually decent deals
Not much to choose from on the menu. Food didn't look appealing and fried rice was cold.
Drink taste fantastic had a banana batida and a the capirinha  music fun and good group of people
I freaking loooooove this Place... Come let your tummy enjoy this food...  Chocolate M. Thunder ~
Very good food. Mostly bar food (sandwiches, fries, wings, etc.). Excellent wings. Decent prices.
This is the second order for pick up that they left out something things we specifically asked for.
MIchael Ray did a nice job of getting our house rented.
Not impressed. Food lacked flavor. Wouldn't go back.  Had better Mexican food back home
Devinder is an honest guy, his prices are reasonable and he does good work. I highly recommend him.
This is the way Mexican food tastes in Mexico!  I had an awesome carne asana burro for lunch today.
Love this store! The clothes are well made and fit like a dream. These guys are my go-to!
Really good brisket...good pork..  all around one of the better BBQ places in the valley
Only the atmosphere and drinks save this place the food is horrid and service blows.
Romantic ambiance.... Good food and drinks... Perfect for a date night out or family dinner
Service and food are fantastic! Would highly recommend!! And be sure to have the churros!!
Love the Carmel frapp with soy and decaf. The chocolate flour less cookie is a good treat too.
Great food, and if you're a regular they remember you! Good luck getting a pop refill though.
We had Nutella latte and pumpkin spice latte,both are delicious! What a gem on the strip!
I'm very happy with my pearly whites:) Amy did an Amazing job. Thank you for doing a great job.
The food was really and the beef was good quality. Our server nana and jayden were super welcoming!
Excellent all around. Service, food, choice, location
Great food and atmosphere! The bartenders are great! The "Awesome Sauce" Bloody Mary is the best!
Great place to do work, drink coffee, and eat decent food.
Got yelled at for asking tea. Did not give us tea until we asked them 10 times. Horrible service.
4th time here. Always hot. Always fast. Can't ask for anything more. Love the quarter pounder.
Good sports bar. Lots of TV's bacon cheese fries were good
They have great produce at this location.  They carry vegetables that most stores don't have.
Dress code sucks. A colleague had writing on his tee shirt so wouldn't let us in. This is 2018!
Fantastic food!  Great happy hour specials!  Clueless waitresses but awesome chefs!
Waitress was very nice. Quick service and good food. Chili fries were great. All around pretty good
Greatest Thai delivery. Haven't eaten in yet but will.
Awesome sushi!! Great ambience..nice place to come after work and have a drink and fresh food!!
Wonderful! The service here was amazing and my warm kale salad with trout was delicious.
Awesome, fantastic service, wonderful food and amazing ambiance.  Always have a great time!
Decent cofee shop. Easy to park. Service was great. No issues or problems whatsoever.
By far the best sushi I have ever eaten. Better than Yoshi's, better than Ezz Fusion.
Tacos were fresh....love the green salsa.  Fast friendly. Great burros.  Great take out!
Great new place in Huntersville. Donuts are fresh and service is great. Fun place to go.
good local chocolatier. Why are all the 5 star reviews "filtered" below? beats me...
This is so far the best viet Thai Indian food in downtown Toronto that I've tried so far!
Excellent excellent food and the folks are all wonderful here. Very good pricing too!
If you use Discount Tire once, you will never go to another tire shop...they are just that good.
Great place to float!  Very relaxing.  I have had a few mind blowing experiences here.
Awesome place!  Great staff and milkshakes are always great. Especially the birthday cake one.
Best value for money burger, tons of options for toppings, fresh meat and super clean setting
Great haircuts. Good prices. Highly Recommended. Cuts hair the way you want it done. Renee O.
Excellent service! Great hospitality and good food.
Name changed to Sublime Catering. Still Chef Tong at the helm though!
Quick . Usually a pretty Busy location.
Great massage! Nice friendly people and great atmosphere!  Already booked my next appointment.
So far my favorite buffet here in Las Vegas! If not M buffet! Great food and service!
Much better booze selection than the one in smiths parking lot.
LOVE this place!!! Jeff and Stephanie are the best. Haven't had a flavor I haven't liked!
Would not come back again. Dirty glasses, homeless looking waiters. Didn't stay to eat.
Super friendly & they always have candy!
The food here is all pre-made somewhere else and just heated when ordered. Not impressed.
Great place. Friendly bartenders. Doorman is shady. Other than that
This buffet is better than anything I've ever tasted!!!! Their chicken tikka masala is to die for.
Absolutely the best ac/ plumbing company! Tammie is great over phone and sent someone right away!
So far so good. Was bite loud with screaming kids. Parents using restaurant as a play ground  :(
Nice selection. Always quality brews in the cold room for that sumer party!
Good beer - good wine - great food (pizza's are decent).  Nice place to hang out!
If you're looking for some good Dim Sum, Hanging BBQ ducks, Pho, Viet sandwiches.
Super nice people!  Glad we found them. Were recommended by Audi Henderson.  Thank you!
La meilleure place ou trouver ses bagels   montreal!!!
Joe was very nice, helpful and knowledgeable. The place is really clean and great waiting area. =)
Very good food and amazing service. The staff were so sweet and friendly. Highly recommend!!
So delicious and authentic.   The food is fresh and flavorful.   Bring your own alcohol!
As always, a wonderful treat visiting Cora's! The food is delicious, and the service is fantastic!
Went today and was closed after drive ing for a half hour and paying  $1.50 for parking
So over rated!!!  Marginal food at best, small, loud, uncomfortable.....never again.
Solid, affordable Indian food. Enjoyed the butter chicken and chili chicken.
I got very nice Dooney & Bourke wallet with nice price!
For attached to a mall it is good food and classy decor.  Reasonable rates.
Totally lived up to the hype. Best poutine I ever had in my life. Worth the line up and wait!
Second time here and I am beyond satisfied food is amazing and staff has the best manners !
Their pizzas are great and the atmosphere is good, the prices are affordable.
2 Words: Breakfast Buzz.
We've eaten here twice and both times the food and service was outstanding. Great family restaurant.
I love murphys!!!!!!! Everyone is so nice and the gas last longer just like chevrons does
Great bang for buck, despite the degraded interior.
Friendly staff, good food, delicious wine. Yes please :)
OK update again.  3/5/17.  Got the Nonna's pizza and it was really good.  Nice crispy thin crust.
Bought maternity clothes here. Not a huge selection, but great prices. TONS of kids clothes.
Great location! Breakfast was perfect. Our room was fine but a little cold and noisy.
Amazing breakfast burritos! Heat up so well the next day, go here at least once a week!
This place has some of the best BBQ I ever had in my life and the stuff is super friendly and funny
17 course meal. Mortgage payment after the wine supplement. Classic French. I'd go through it again
3rd time here... Arrive early for better quality if produce! :)
Great vibe. Good food and friendly staff!
it was ok.  Got my gas and the people were a little rude.  But... it IS a gas station.
Love the coffee.  Tofu scramble is yum.  Gary for the win.
Steak was fantastic Beer selection was very good  Services was very good.  Located in a great casino
Excellent breakfast. Offers military discount and dog friendly patio. Good Bloody Mary too.
Incredible. Fresh ingredients. Incredible crust. Incredible sauce. Incredible dessert. Go.
Best Chinese in town.  Hands down.
I love this hotel! One of my favorites to visit. We enjoy the observatory gardens and water shows.
Great tacos.  Great service.  Kind of a dive looking place.  I recommend giving it a shot though.
Excellent service, fair pricing, longtime customer satisfaction.
This place is great! Julie does an amazing job and made a perfect suggestion for my gel manicure.
Food is excellent, good ole home cooking.  We shopped afterwards and staff is very friendly!
Top notch salon with super-talented and friendly staff- Megan is awesome and gives great cuts!
Best eye doctor in town, cares about his patients and the staff is great as well.
Incredible rooms with awesome views of The Strip and sunset over Red Rock Mtns. Beautiful hotel.
A perfect slice of Italy right by the Campus.
Very Modern and Hip Hotel! Beautiful to walk around in and has a very lounge feel towards it.
Friendly service and great Lattes. This Starbucks is consistently awesome!
Undeniably the best service, atmosphere, and most importantly - FOOD! Coming back very soon!
drinks only so far, this bartender knows what he is doing. I will be back for the food....
I got really bad diarrhea from this place.  I should've read the reviews. I won't eat here again.
Troy was professional and efficient. He was on time and kept me informed about my repair
Earl of sandwiches this place is really good.  bLT and  The Earl,yummy. Defiantly eat here agin.
Nice farmer's market.  Very cool vendors.  Wish there was an be this good in my neck of the woods.
I always go back for Asian haircut style :)
Great burgers and hot dogs. Great customer service and fast deli every after 5pm. Love Chubz!!
Horrible service! Would not recommend. Do not come!! Trust me come to another bar, this one is lame!
Not great not horrible. It's Apple but I have to return yet again for issues. Oh well
Very slow and understaffed. The employees are unprofessional and dirty looking. Wont go back.
Great atmosphere! Short staffed but everything was awesome. Justin is awesome.  Great people person
A bit far from Toronto proper but very clean and inexpensive.  I'd recommend.
Best Cuban food I have had in a long time. Great service awsome experience. Will be back for sure.
I could write a lot here but others have already said it. Delicious food. Horrid wait staff.
Had the Western omlette. Foods incredible and the service is top notch. Love this place!
This restaurant is great. The shawarma was sooo good. My goodness I loved everything!!!!
Veggie Delight very great cooking and good flavor foods, fresh and clean. I love it.
No frills streetmeat shop. Check em out, good value.
mine and my girlfriends favorite place to eat! the food is always hot and is served fairly quick.
terrible food, pad thia are tasteless, like a food court...
Excellent food, a really good buffet.  Cost wise very reasonable and selection is excellent.
No hassle in an out very little waiting. And the staff was very professional and courteous..
Coffee from this Starbucks is awesome every day, and the drive thru line is always very fast.
Best kosher pizza Ive had! Sometimes a bit slow - but worth waiting.
Love this place, not too bad on the prices and excellent service ! Delicious food of course.
Delicious comfort food.  I always feel like coming here on a cold, winter day.
Great staff-friendly, courteous, and helpful! Reasonable prices and great hours for service
This office is always on time and have great employees working for them. Thank you
thanks so much for sassyy puppy dachshund..heidi yoi really rock she is perfect love her
This QT is like a lot of the others. Very clean, and the staff is fast and friendly.
Best place in town to have your vehicle repaired and serviced! Stop by and find out yourself.
So good, great ambience,  fun time.  Great sides.  U get watch everything cooked for u!
They roast chiles here every day, they also sell homemade tamales.
Nelly was fantastic waitress, food was great, beer was cold! I will definitely come back!
Love some Tiki Lounge. Drink specials? A waterfall? Jungle black out time.
Their endless oysters Monday is great if you are a oysters lover. 45/person is still a good price.
Highest price full protection liability package I've ever seen!!! $44/day  BE CAREFUL !!!
Cheap and awful just like all the other joints on this street. Not much to say about it.
A great new Cajun Sports Bar just opened last week near the corner of McDowell and Hayden Rd.
Love this place! Great food, large portions and friendly service. Ask for the senior discount.
Love this place!!  They have the best macarons and I had a latte that was out of this world!
First time having Indian food, was a great first impression :) The lamb tikka masala was delicious
Still 5. Feels like home. Also, bacontarian sandwich. Get it. Top 5 sandwich of my life.
This place is ghetto. I thought it was mayfield heights not Compton
Outstanding food. The Sopapillas are phenomenal and the New Mexico style food is great.
Good onion bagels. Best eaten plain, but they didn't skimp on the cream cheese.   Ok sesame bagels.
Birthday cake ice cream Or anything else, really. Eat away finals.
Very delicious tom yum shrimp!!!!!!! And Pad!! Love the environment and server! Five star!!!!
Do not move here. A lot of hanging out fighting, shootings and killing. Drama every single night
Best Pancakes I ever ate!  Crispy on the outside and light and fluffy on the inside.
As good as it gets for an afternoon sugar fix! :)
Food quality is good but it's way overpriced. He wouldn't sell a thing at these prices in Israel.
Supremely mediocre. Ordering was easy, so that's why they got 1 star instead of 2. Woof.
I keep hanging up on me and that's very rude and customer service discount tire sucks
I had such a positive experience at Chapman Collision. They had excellent customer service!
Excellent. Great burger and lovely golden beet dish. Buckwheat biscuits with vanilla honey butter...
My ice water is literally the perfect temperature and I'm waiting on my roast beef sandwich!
Love this place!!! Keep in mains parking can be difficult at this location so call ahead .
Stale cookie, 70% of my order was whipped cream. We left feeling heavy but entirely unsatisfied.
Good price and good customer service. I'll be back next time. I recommend to somebody.
Awesome taste. Best thai food ever had. Penang Chicken and Chilli Mint Chicken are BEST bets :)
Great service! Very nice :) They do a good job on my puppy haircut love it a lot!!!
This is a Krogers. It says Smiths. I even scanned my Kroger card and it worked. Strange... But cool.
Dr Lok is a very professional and knowledgeable doctor. My first visit to his office was wonderful.
Good affordable and nice atmosphere.   Small neighborhood type restaurant.
Delicious food. The specials were amazing. We got the chicken saltimbocca and the salmon. Terrific
Fabian was good to work with. Showed up late however got everything removed for an affordable price!
Amazing food AND service but...my God!! It was so hot in the restaurant!!! TURN ON THE AIR!!
Delicious sandwiches! Amazing pastries! Must try
Always never disappoint. All my first timer friends love it. Excellent food and atmosphere.
Authentic Eastern European cuisine. Was good, not great, but it definitely hit the spot.
Best "dogs" in town. You need to try the Italian Beef. Worth the trip!
I highly recommend getting the falafel at this place, it is one of the tastiest i have ever had.
Great service great food.  Love this chain and I normally don't like chains.
Fish and chips for lunch.  'Nuf said.
Nothing amazing to write about, typical brunch menu, not bad but not worth going out of your way for
Refreshed it inside, looks great!!!  A whole lot of fun, best place in the area.
Saw the Smog Special and couldn't beat the $7.77 price. Very fast and friendly service.
I love my gym! They have all the equipment I need, plus awesome trainers to keep me motivated!
So sad to hear that they've closed their doors. We really liked this place. Good luck guys!
To die for BBQ. Friendly staff, great prices I honestly live for this place.
I prefer NY bagel to both the places in Montreal
I  went   there  last  Sunday   and  men  !!!   really  god  sushi   I  think  come  back   asap
Great place for teens to go hang out. Nice service. Good deals. All in all great place.
Great good great service. Everything home made. Best cinnamon rolls EVER. THANK YOU Mary & staff
Best photographer in Vegas.  This guy is surgical with a camera and can make anyone look their best!
Great experience, everything is authentic and genuine... too small though, but worth the visit
Great Pizza. Great Service.  Great happy Hour prices. Unbeatable.
Beautiful hotel, great pool, nice restaurants, fantastic service, fabulous place to stay.
Their blueberry bagels are my favorite! The salmon bagel is of course a tasty classic!
Pizza was ok...crust overcooked.. Service was ok..cleanliness of restaurant questionable
Been there twice for lunch.  Very yummy bento box and good Chinese/Thai decoration...
Arnold Wrap is really good - but I don't think I'll be back soon because $8.50 for a wrap is insane.
Nice staff but puppies are overpriced. Buyers beware!
Great local spot with over 100 craft beers.  Need I say more?  Looking forward to coming here again
 
Delicious food, adequate service, free coffee all for a fair price. Huge servings per plate.
Friendly Staff, Excellent Mini cupcakes. They will take the time to assist you with what you want.
Friendly staff and good selection of guns. Can't beat a family owned business.
First time in Pittsburgh and only 2 nights. This restaurant is amazing and the view is spectacular.
Only 1 register open even during rush. No drive thru. Friendly.
Bad service, the staff is not friendly at all. The food is average and I will never come back.
Best thai resturant in Vegas. . My fav dish was chicken fried rice and drunken noodle, yummy yummy
awesome design, creepy room and challenging puzzles. 5/5
BEST THAI FOOD in Cleveland! I love the green curry! Great lunch specials as well!
The pichana is absolutely good, but the service is rubbish!!
Buffett is nice went for my significants birthday $50 per person also went on Valentine's
Best Hotel Ever!!! Every time I go to Vegas I always book the Cosmo.
Excellent coffee and puts Starbucks to shame. Would return in a heartbeat if we lived here.
Delicious food and awesome service. Highly recommended!! The lentil soup and gyro are great.
i ordered the coconut slushie boba and i did not like it at all. it is way too sweet.
One of my absolute favorite thai restaurants ever!!!! Amazing food, beautiful atmosphere
The best Mexican food EVER! Authentic and delicious.
Awful as always terrible service low quality food I should have just thrown the gift card away
Awesome Release Pool Parties. Very mixed crowd. Everyone is welcome.
Pesto Bello yumm :)
First time here. The service was great!  Next time I'm going to try the jerk chicken pizza
Never had Russian food before. Great selection great service great food. Will go back again.
loved the filet mignon! so tender and juicy!!! :)
Been to this port of sub location and they are always closed at 6pm and on the door says 7pm.
Love this place! Great Curry & the coconut soup is the best!
Had wonderful "Big Skinny" pancakes - Amazing!!  The Eggs Benedict were also delicious...
A good bookstore. There are quite a few of Knick-Knack items throughout the store too.
I drive all the way from Summerlin just for a crepe :)
Fun place, great atmosphere, good drinks and yummy food! I will definitely be back again!
very small and you could tell a lot of the people there were under aged
Pizza is thick, chewy in the center, crunchy on the outside and tasteless
Simply, the best gym in Las Vegas and you never have to wait for a machine!
Want to add that the Panang curry is AWESOME.  I am so glad I found this place.
Loved it I definitely will return.  Love the Hawaiian bread buns good quality hot dogs  best best
Great Punk Dive bar. Happy hour is amazing!
Please add more seats. This is very good location because of the proximity to the highway.
Friendly front office staff. Very little wait time. Very nice office. Efficient Dr.
I have been comming hear ever since i was little the food is always amazing and so is the service
The green chili burrito is soooo good. It's a nice little joint to get your burrito fix.
Went to the grand opening, food was okay. Service was subpar. Bar wasn't in action yet.
Delicious food, stellar price, speedy delivery, and the woman who answers the phones is perfect.
Chicken tandoori was super flavorful moist Not overcooked Naan bread deliciousness overload!
RUN AWAY. I would of given back the 25 dollar gift card if I could of avoided the food poisoning.
Shitty pumps. The nozzle won't stay in the gas port. The last time I ever Get gas here.
Excellent date place.  32 bucks for a three course meal, you cannot beat that.
Hella good son, they trying to make me add more to this review but it just hella good
Slow service everytime even when it's not busy. Food is good but too bad the service is not.
My favorite place hands down to eat red chili! The green is good but extremely spicy.
Terrible food. The Shawarma was falling apart and they didn't add in the sauce in my wrap. Wtf
Beautiful Hotel/Casino. Ambiance is great and customer service is superb.
Best bagels in Madison are a great basis for their breakfast sandwiches.
Best deal for a burger and shake. Friendly staff, nice hotel. Can't wait to come back.
sitting on the patio and enjoying the best blueberry french toast. amazing!
Awesome food, good service, and reasonably priced. Only regret not trying the chuvi duvi.
There was this silly goose named Ian. I liked him. He was nice. I bowled. I went home. Thanks.
I love going to this place! The chicken quesadilla is Uber yummy! Just up the street it's great!
friendly service and staff, great food and fun experience!
Seems like a singles divorcee haven. Skews towards older. Not a bad place for meeting friends.
Had terrible service with my driver. He was very rude. Will NOT use apache taxi again.
Food was excellent.  Recommend the rigatoni bolognese with the giant meatball and calamari
Solid every time. Great late night menu. Staff is awesome.
AWESOME meal and great service!! We ordered pork + beef barbecue and it was a good value.
One of our favorite places to go after the Cosmo Dog Park. Love the San Diegan.
HOREIBLE SERVICE. This isn't unusual for this chain, but this location is particularly bad.
Fantastic prime rib on Saturday. Service was great and the place looks nice.
Got some sandwiches and pasta dishes, everything was delicious & the prices weren't bad!
Best buffet in Vegas! Variety of selections for everyone's liking. I'd definitely come back!
Great food and drinks.  The staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  I am going back
Yummy teriyaki. If you like garlic, this is your place to try. Their shrimp tempura is tasty!
amazing food with a great local, divey vibe...worth the wait
Excellent food! Delicious. Great menu! Superb service. I've been here four times this month already.
Got the Bean and Cheese Burrito in a Bowl (delish!-) with a bottle of water for less than $9.
SLOW!!!!  Only one cook and one register.   Couldn't make it through line and wait in 20 minutes
I did a take out order and the staff was really friendly, sushi was great too. :)
Yummy dan dan soup! Spicy but good on a cold day. Cute interior and welcoming service (:
Great service and great food quality. Our server was so funny and made our experience enjoyable!
Always a consistent sub from Kevin and his staff.  Never had a poorly made sandwich there.
Convenient, next to UNLV.  Great Calzones and Pizza.  Definitely will be back.
Hands down the best cakes ever, my boyfriend was in heaven! I will be getting all my cakes from Lisa
Excellent food, great service. Simple menu of pizza and salad. Wonderful.
I will come back again, the masseur here is very professional and the massage is very relaxed
The atmosphere was relaxed, the chicken parm was slowly cooked perfectly. I'll be back.
This club is hands down the best club in Vegas, move over Rhino, you're old news now...!
So good. Little diner vibe with great, affordable food. Try the eggs with corned beef hash.
Best Indian food in Pittsburgh. GIve it a try!!! Loved it!!!
Great lunch today. And Gio rocked it as server. Friendly and suggestive.
Great stuff kids loved the decor. Bought some trinkets for Christmas. Great store will be back
Manager offered me a free Veg Fried Rice while waiting for the food to come at my table. Best place.
Food is good! Servers are slow and rode  Looking at the table but never ask if everything is ok.
Cool vibe with staff that know there stuff. Thanks for the coffee!!!
Food poisoning from the congee. I wish I had read reviews first. Avoid!
Food was adequate. Service was perfunctory. Prices ridiculous. I wouldn't go back.
I had a great appointment with Dr. Wannan. He was really sweet with my Shih Tzu.
Spicy. And ketchupy pad thai. It's definitely fast-food thai.  PASS.
Good food and beer. I like going here for celebrations or for brunch.
My first foodball game in AZ and loved it. Stadium was very nice but I still like chase field.
Decent, standard Americanized Chinese food. Quick, reliable delivery.
Honestly nothing too special. Was slightly expecting more and better quality
got rocky road in a waffle cone. it was ok. not as good as handels on trop and hualapai :)
friendly and courteous service! they offer coupon!!! i'm coming back soon!
very nice and clean. plenty of parking.
Excellent burgers and shakes.  Good prices.
Delicious blueberry pancakes, bacon, and breakfast potatoes made with fresh red potato chunks.
The Brew Selection and Burgers are Bangin'. Ya gotta hit this spot when ya visit The LV.
Quiet theater. Never packed. I wish locals would visit more. We need to keep in business.
Best latte in town. 'nuff said.
Giving 3 stars because I asked for a fade, but did not get it... The lady cut the the sides a 1.
They have drive thru and are fairly quick for cooking pad Thai! Definitely recommended!
Lam and his staff are wonderful. We ALWAYS have a pleasant experience. Elaine and Dave
Great stop today with hubby Ordered lamb sandwich without bread and lamb flair was outstanding
Every pump is out of order. Skip this station and head a block south and fill up at Fry's.
Nice atmosphere and a good value. Lacked in variety but everything was fresh and yummy.
love these guys. restaurant style southern italian pizza to go.
Great food - Be sure to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio Fountains!
Terrible. Waited over an hour and service was extremely bad. Not worth the wait. Go to MTO!!!
Spendy, lengthy wait, but really excellent quality and great service.  Worth it.
Go check this place out! My new go to Vape shop! Super chill and laid back! Vic was awesome!
Their food is by far the best Mexican food in Vegas ... The pastor, lengua and asada are amazing!
I felt a little lost in the chaos during lunch hour but the food was good & full of flavor
the chile rellenos are awesome! -- order it "rainbow, and you'll get both red and green sauce!
Very good pad Thai. Perfectly spiced. Small place but has the food to prove it's legit.
Wheel chroming was excellent. Original rims came out real nice.
Service food comes Fast and they are polite the waitors always clears your empty plates quick!
Great food and service! The place is too small though and they don't take reservations.
Free pizza for girls who flash the cashier?  This place is a shit-show.   No thanks.
No AC!  90 deg in the range is just bad!
I love Fillis but food poising by myself and a friend on separate occasions. #neverforget
La Hacienda was absolutely amazing!! I had two enchiladas and a taco! It was soooo good! 11/10
Great portions, great fresh food. I'm from out of town incase hope this will be coming my way soon!
They are having a going out of business sale.   I will try and find out when their last day is.
Taste is OK and the pita bread size is tiny. Just opposite the road there is something even better
I wanted it to be good because there lunch special was so cheap but cheap is exactly what we got
I love this place and so does King Noah!!! He always comes home handsome and happy!!!!
Great food and service every single time, never disappointed.  A must every time I'm in Vegas!
Some of my favorite food in Cleveland. I always try to arrange a visit to Bruno's when I'm in town!
Best Coffee  Love the chill vibes. Healthy menu options for Breakfast or Lunch.
Very clean and organized place. Food is served fast and the teas here are very good.
Took in my boyfriend on a holiday when he's usually closed, we came all the way from Tucson!
Best All You Can Eat in Las Vegas!!! If you like authentic Japanese food, try this restaurant.
Greasy. But worth the shake :) Stopped on the way out of town. If you want fast, don't stop here.
Brooke the  hostess so rude!!! Never going back!!! The waiter was outstanding!!!!
Absolute best!  Yummy!  The best Indian food that we've ever had.  Cheers to the chef and the staff!
By far the best Indian food I've had in Arizona. Excellent service and prices!
Best Hamburger joint in the west. A very simple menu and best of all the service is wonderful.
It's a nice gym. Come here if you want hot yoga because they don't use the AC here, like at alllll
Best dealership in Toronto in my eyes.... anyone who thinks otherwise is probably driving junk
If you go here avoid the bartender with the Mutton Chops.
Best sushi in town! They have a good deal on AYCE and happy hour. Great selection too
Very nice atmosphere bit pricey the food was not that spectacular. As far as buffets go Soso
yay! QT Greatest gas station eva!!
 
Not really loving the new changes going on...
Small mom & pop place. Soups are yummy. Sushi is good. Going back next week to try other items.
Wendy is the best at what she does!! Highly recommend her for all your spray tan needs!!
Had a great time! Food was great! Service was great! Perfect location for light munchies.
This is a great place to take your phone to get repaired. I am very happy with Ed fixing my phone!
Best donut shop in town! Hand made, consistently tasty!
Just...no. Don't waste your time, your money or your health.
Order food from this place for dinner and everything was so amazing.  I cant stop raving.
glossy nails has moved, effective march 1, 2014 to 860 s. rancho dr., las vegas, nv 89106
Nice Salmon Salad,  pretty pricey but it was worth it because of the awesome patio dining.
amazing place the best hotel , best day club, very modern hotel , i love this hotel
Been here several times now ...favorites are the House Fried Rice, Drunken Noodles, Hunan Chicken!
Delivery order was spot on.  Quicker than promised and great food!  Will order again!
Toujours ouvert, toujours bon! Notre sp cialit  Qcoise, la bonne Poutine peut importe l'heure.
Best sandwich place within 300 miles of Los Angeles.. after that Ike's takes over!!
One of the best restaurants in town! Vegan or not, it doesn't matter! The food is great!
Huge portion of all your favorite comfort foods. Quality is average but the value is good.
Definitely not the best dumplings that I've had.  Their beef noodles are really good though!
An Irish pub that plays club music.  Interesting.  Fun enough!
Pierogi was tender and tasteful casual dinning area nice selection of both polish and Russian food.
The waitresses are gorgeous!! And the food is even better!!   "La Matty" w/ side of smoke meat!
Everything was fantastic!  Ambience, service, wine, starters, salad, entree and dessert!!
Burger tasted pretty plain. Might have been better with bacon, but I definitely prefer Smash Burger.
Bartender Isaac makes the best Bloody Mary ever! Chillin in the heat on a Saturday afternoon!
Love this Pei Wei. They give you good portions and its always hot, fresh and tasty!
Great service! Arrived within the scheduled time frame. Work was completed quickly. Thank you!!!
my favorite breakfast spot on the strip! A perfect view with a perfect breakfast. NOMZ
Southern fries were super good and filling! Our server Carly was super friendly and great!!
I'be coming here to oyshi since there open back in 2009 best sushi  in Vegas hands down to chef   Ed
These people were good to me and good to my Dogo. Helpful and kind.
2 1/2 hours for a simple xray is unacceptable.  Make appointments for customers please.
Fast, cheap, and professional, I'd definitely come back for the rest of my ear piercings
Took longer than expected to get our pick-up order but it was worth it!
Had a chimney cleaned the day after contacting them.  Quick and easy, thanks!
What an awesome front desk lady Renee. Bright smile & a welcome. Friendly mechanics and super prices
Great food, great service, great atmosphere and friendly staff! They truly deserve five stars.
Food and service A + we love this place. Really awesome vibes. There's never really  long wait..
I keep coming...great pedicure, amazing massage, great service, awesome gel colors! Good job ND!
Strippers were ok at best.   Late night go somewhere else.   They don't want your business
The venue is very nice! The food is a bit expensive for its quality, but still very tasty.
I don't know how they get five and half start.But the services I had only worst one!!
Small. Bouncer at bathroom was rude. Tiny dancing area. Won't be coming back to this one.
Finally food to match the view on Mt. Washington! Thank you.
Clockwork Pizza was a delicious experience for us! For starters, the garlic knots were wonderful.
Pestoral... one of the best veggie pizzas in town.  Good price for non-chain pizza place.
1. You bring your recyclables 2. They sort for you 3. They give you money 4. Success 5. Repeat
Best interest rates! Great service! Easy to work with :)
Beat pizza in Ajax. Very Brooklyn style and quality is great, fresh and the tomato sauce is killer.
This is the definition of Mexican food!! The micheladas are the best y el ambiente tambien
Great parts store! These guys know they're stuff and parts are usually readily available.
I was there for the lunch buffet yesterday.  Everything was delicious and the staff did a great job!
Great vets office. They accept walk-ins, which makes my life easier and open Sundays.
Delicious and cheap !  They cookies are soft and taste fresh also. I recommend if you're in the area
Amazing service. Michael rocks!! Thanks for saving my iPhone and for all the recommendations.
I came to this place on a Wednesday at 330pm. I was very shocked that there was no line!
A real diner in Wanless/Bedford Park? Get out! Go for the All Day Breakfast!
I really liked this place.  Great sushi great service.  Was a  little pricey but was well worth it.
Reviews are dead on good food good service in a little bit of a strange out of the way location.
Good food and great service.  Nothing spectacular.
Took care of my dogs even bathed them while I'm gone. Reasonable price and caring staff.
One of the only ranges around with a selection of the major brands, including hoyt and mathews
If your planning to have implant  done Dr. Rick Copithone is one of the best  Doctor  .
Amazing!! Will be back many more times. Tuna ceviche and Rollo ching on were to die for!
Came here twice for breakfast. Great food and service. Has a feel of an old diner. Loved it!!!
Worst Mexican food I have ever tasted.  The waitress was rude.
 100% cell    nice 
Love this place, I am very picky about Thai food but this place rocks and has great prices
like it so much but a little bit expensive. but food is really good and the service is not bad
Great hidden gem. In all my years never knew this was here. Truly feel like you're in paradise!!
Fantastic experience.  Top quality product, personnel and fair price.
My favorite butts in Las Vegas and they're free to touch.
We really enjoy the serve and the yummy food.. We will come back here.. Thanks guys..
Good food, great spot for people watching.  Get an out door table and you'll be happy.
Pretty much like every other Taco Bell. Clean restaurant, familiar food, fast service.
Wonderful service goes far beyond what I expected very economical fast will return every time
Friendly environment. Personable customer service. GREAT hookah. Relaxing environment.
Food ? Meh.... Service ? Horrible. Server Karen RUDE & MISERABLE as hell. Bad day or just a bitch ?
a little pricey but, DAMN, that chicken is good!
Great service chicken salad wrap. And pancakes are good.
Great food, reliable quality, decent prices and they'll deliver. I recommend it.
Awful pizza. I've been twice and will not return.
Large portions for a good price and tastes great. Quick with orders for takeout.
Super fast service, and key fobs work excellent. HIGHLY RECOMMEND these guys.
The food is ok. Disappointed in the War Wonton soup. Too salty. The portions are ginormous.
Great good but the actual place is a dive. Cash only. That sucks.  Food makes up for it.
Fresh ingredients with flavor in each bite makes this one of my favorite pizza spots in Charlotte.
Best meat pies I've ever had! Great location and friendly staff, can't wait to come back.
Very nice verity rooms. one of the best on the strip.
Was in the area and decided to give this restaurant a try. Best braised beef noodles I had.
Fabulous gyro! My wife is raving about the soup. We'll be back.
Very fast and courteous service. Nice people. Will always go back to this specific location.
Successfully cloned my HID ProxKey III. The turn around was super fast!
service was a bit uneven but the food was very good.  Nice outdoor seating.Will return.
Fresh squid, fish, and shrimp cooked to order. Yum! Definitely would pick fries over rice though.
Super happy with the outcome. Decent service will be back. Slightly $$ but felt it was worth it.
Love to start of the day from here , very nice tasty . Lovely worker, wake me up for the working
Postino is delicious, reasonably priced and fun.  The only bummer is they don't have a full bar.
I love Sonny's. The food you get could last you 3 meals. The only down fall is. It is a bit pricey
Vincent is great and very fair. He does a wonderful job! I would recommend him to all my friends.
Motherfriggin food poisoned!!! You unsanitary, filthy, lazy ass Lima beans!!!!!!!!!!!
Better food than most restaurants. Friendly service too. Lots of great choices in the coolers.
Service was slow, food took forever to arrive, two of the three dishes were cold, need a new place
Filthy restaurant and food was extremely salty. Nasty with a capital N. Never going back.
My favorite club in Charlotte. Great food & drink and an excellent selection of ladies.
Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
Secret spot. Delicious.  The spicy edamame and sashimi lunch platter is my go to during the day.
Installed backdoor and we are very happy. Installers were very nice and courteous. Highly recommend.
Love this place! Ashley is awesome! Great atmosphere, lots of beers on draft. Nacos are excellent!
Great wings and Shepard's pie. Service is great too. Only place that serves Kilkenny.
Earl of sandwich an ok decent sandwich not super great not terrible. Decent and edible.
Grilled beef burger was honesty the best damn burger I have ever had. Can't even describe it!
Very knowledgeable professional staff with great customer service   Great online ordering
Love this place! Their ramen is awesome!  I loved their chow neon as well  Great service too!
Cheap... But very good food... The portion sizes are great!
Large fresh burritos. Clean place with helpful staff. My go to place for a great burrito.
Excellent food selection and great quality food.  Weekend buffet is $54, but it's worth every penny.
G hooked up my hot & dirty martini custom made! Rodney was a phenomenal waiter!! Awesome place!
This is a Resturant inspector dream!!!!!!!!! The star is for me for even going into this squaller
Love this place, but the decor could use some work. Crepes are the size of your head and are divine.
This place is delicious !!!!! The inside is so cute as well. Andrew is a great server!
Super beau th tre pour les  v nement corporatif!
Minimal selection of books. Staff is as cold and unwelcoming as I've ever found in a library.
Ordered salad , gross.  Ordered sub, still gross.  Guess they only do fried stuff.  Don't go.
Great service by Tony and also fast. He fixed to heels in less that 30 minutes. $15. Not bad.
Been here a couple of times now, And yes, I'm a fan. Good food and great service.
College hunting trip--saved us from going to a restaurant!  Great idea!
Fast service, okay sandwich, certainly over priced, better than Subway
Cant beat the bruschetta here, or the butcher's board.
The tuna sandwich and the bruschetta were fantastic. The cucumber lemonade was unreal.
Love the ordering system here, your able to browse the menu in the iPad and customize your order
Love this place!  Great beer.  Friendly people.  And the Savory Waffle is AMAZING!!!
Food is excellent. Service is incredibly bad. Confused. Disorganized. Carry out is the way to go.
They sell tacos. They sell beer. They play music. They have sports on tv.  Am i in heaven?
AVG at best. Can't really Ness up deep friend stuff.. wouldn't go again. Not bad not good
Great food, attentive staff and competitive prices. Well worth a try!
Keep coming back for those shrimp tacos ! Yum Yum , to bad I am only here for half a yr.
Great lobby and glass art sculptures.
Really enjoyed the food and location! Staff was friendly and welcoming. Would definitely return!
Quaint !
Everything is laid out for you on the menu. The food tastes great. You won't be upset.
Don't go here- i waited 30 min and walked out on Abel the therapist who is ANYTHING BUT A CAREGIVER.
I love this place! Great customer service and Tiffany is. Very talented.  Well worth the drive
Just like to say breakfast was really good, we will definetly come back , best on the strip  !
Pizza is good but when compared to the original I feel it falls short but not bad was worth a shot
Fresh ingredients, talented chief, awesome service and great pricing! Perfect for party under four.
Nice menu selection and friendly well trained staff make for a pleasant dining experience.
Great food and the xo noodles are terrific.  The duck was very good.  All the soups are great!!
They look so pretty, the package is so beautiful, but I was disappointed by the taste.
Amazing pizza. My go to in when in Gilbert. Among the best in the valley in my opinion.
They arehorrible and rude I am speechless!
love their chile relleno, toungue, and menudo.  Too bad they don't serve trippas and buche.
Not bad for the price. Centrally located in the strip. A long walk to the parking lot to the rooms.
Amazing food! Only one guy so it takes a bit don't come here in a rush! Worth the wait!
Best Buffet in Vegas hands down and they even offer open bar , can't go wrong with that
Dan was awesome.  Not to mention our team awesome got out of jail in less than an hour !!!
Pretty darn good Hakka food.  Spicy is quite spicy though so beware!
fantstic food it gets pretty busy fast so get there with time
Good Chinese food. I like the egg foo yung. Can't get that  in a lot of places and it tastes great!
Steaks aren't bad and the service is prompt. Overall just another run of the mill steak joint.
Didnt like it at all. I had high hopes for this place but went there in disappointment!
Found this place by accident , love the grilled chicken greel salad. They are quick here too!
Just ok in my opinion. Pretty disappointed in our dishes. The guacamole was excellent though.
terrible conditions in prime time of year. mickey mouse layout. skip it.
The seats and screens never disappoint, and the popcorn is delicious and not super greasy.
Mike is the man. Not just a business but a second home. Love this place. They really look out for u.
Food and service were excellent.   Private dining rooms.   Perfect for a party or celebration!!!!
Get smaller portions and share with friends so you can try everything. Cake pops are the best.
Good location, good food, a little pricey, okay service. Will go back for the fresh subs!!
This company does not honor its contracts for services rendered
I got a turkey burger here once and it was delicious. Or maybe I had too much to drink.
Hash is bad ass. Jelly is awesome. Service is perfect.
Delicious and greasy just how I LIKE it!!!!!! Seriously it surprised me!!!!
Good food low prices on the sandwiches an beer and Marty and the staff are fantastic u
Its alright, overpriced but decent burritos. I will be back but won't do a special trip.
Grate place.   Shak is RAD.  She is so friendly with the wonderful smile.  #friendzone.
Great place to eat. Healthy, affordable, and kid friendly. Best cauliflower soup I've ever had.
My favorite sandwich place!!! Hawaiian BBQ is my favorite!!!! Love this place!
Just tried Mi Familia for the first time.... Loved it!
Just OK- food isn't great but isn't terrible. Not my favorite place in this part of town.
Horrible office.  They upcharge you and lie to your face.
Very nice ambiance, great steaks!! Loved this place...romantic view of Bellagios water show!
Way overpriced.  Quality and service subpar.  Minimal selection of bar food.
Really didn't like this place.  Too cramped, couldn't move, no where to sit, service wasn't great
Good food..great ambiance ...patio rocks
I always order only one item from their menu, Chicken dum biryani and it is top notch.
Food was alright, a touch on the pricey side. Service was top-notch though.
my favofite combination: spaghetti, vodka sauce, sirloin, mushrooms, & sun dried tomatoes.
Food & service are very good. I would prefer to come here versus the over rated Village Tavern.
Yummy! I only had the tacos, but they are great. Def. coming back and bringing friends.
I love a good breakfast sandwich, and these people have some really awesome sandwiches.
I've only tried the gyro salad and it is excellent. Perfect for my diet and reasonable price.
Just had the chicken burrito. Best I've had in Arizona so far. Going to try the rest of the menu.
I love it when they have BOGO on ice tea.
The "supervisor" Claribel is the worst kind of manager I've ever seen !! She's so rude and slow !
Great service and perfect breakfast at a really nice spot. Typically busy tho
Beautiful decor!  Excellent food with fast and friendly service!
While it is a little pricey - it is a great place for a slow date or lots of conversation.
Dave P is great at making a stressful process fun and painless! Fixed my Samsung S5 super fast!
Went in today for my first crown...unbelievable service and quickness!!! Love Dr Kim and his staff!
I love going with friends and family here for the all you can eat. The sushi is very high quality.
Food totally wrong, smart ass chick behind counter offered me a cup for asking for sauces
Not impressed.  Couldn't get anyone to wait on me.. so I left and went to the Lodge @Tenaya.  Bye
Tasty pizza with interesting toppings on a great chewy crust.
Phenomenal. The soup, the filet au poivre, the wine, and the service were beyond comparison.
Staying at the Hyatt downtown, walked over and was delivered some yummy coffee with a smile.
Great shop with friendly knowledgeable staff.  Well stocked for all mountain and road biking needs.
The people, Debbie, and the owner, are fantastic, nice honest folks!
nice.
Nice buz, crowd for lunch is chic. Food quite average. Not worth going out of your way
Very good! Enjoyed the Chicken Katsu Noodle and spam fried rice. Will definitely be back!!!
Always a classic. Pretty consistent, great prices. good food. The service could improve, though.
rude management & wasteful. I'd go to the location in cave creek.
Old traditional Italian happy place that charges $21 for man hair cut. Very recommended.
Staff is rude; food is full of salt; portions not as advertised.  Don't waste your time or money.
Love this place!!! Best DolSot BibimBob in Toronto!!!! I can't wait to go back again!!!!
Richer and Christian was very helpful they proved great service
Honestly, the worst place i have eaten.  The food was real bad.
grabbed a coffee here. Sit and relax in the patio. You Will get busy Toronto street view Lol
Cups were never empty, food was hot and delish! Huge omelettes!! Definitely coming back.
Very yummy! Victoria is super nice. I also like how they are open late I will come back :)
Pizza was yummy and tasty.  4 stars versus 5 just based on personal pizza preference.
Wonderful food, great service at a fair price.
I found a roach in my pizza box. 2 slices already eaten. I would never patronize Papa Johns again.
Great sushi. All food are fresh and delicious. Good and attentive service in a small and cosy place.
Never thought I'd review a dentist but I love this dentist.
The food at this Panda suck and they are suppose to close at 10:00 pm but they shut down at 9:30.
Awesome place and very friendly people.my barber did a really great job,definitely coming back.
The pho is watered down and they use bell peppers?? Bathroom was NASTY dirty! Not a big fan.
Great neighborhood bar. Love the live music. Beer selection is local. Friendly staff!
Amazing pork bone soup
Good service!! The phos really good , I also like to get the spring roll appetizer it's really good
I had the jerk chicken, rice and peas, and the macaroni and cheese.  It was absolutely delicious!
Happy hour is the best. Lolita Burger, Brussels Sprouts, and a Bad Day Bourbon (BDB).
These people rock. We had a great tour with Gabbi and Buzz. Thanks for a great afternoon!!
Food wasn't very good, service sucked. I don't I'll be coming back. I've had better sports bar food.
Very good food. Affordable and casual. Very helpful advise with the menu. We will be back
I haven't tried many cupcake places, but this was pretty good.  The buttercream frosting was yummy.
meat raw in some parts of the burger, everything was out of a can, nothing fresh, gross.
Horrible roast beef sub................They used dry shredded beef. Ugh!
Great band .. Always singing t latest n greatest songs ! They bring It ! Luv them !
Great hamburgers and awesome service.   Love being able to sit outside during the winter.
Can't beat the shakes
Terrible!! Dit around in my arm 3 times cause I coudnt draw blood. Rather go to Sierra quest
Great pizza place. The weekday lunch prix fixe is a steal! You must try the espresso gelato.
First time I ever went to a pawn shop - men at the loan desk were unfriendly, unsmiling and rude.
The Boston Clam Chowder is amazing! And it is my go to plate everytime.!
This place rules! The staff is awesome and there is a ton of space to play! Love it!
great  options in this food court. the Manoushi are especially awesome and freshly done.
love Bill Gallagher and his teaching style. the best choice for any real estate education :)
My favourite place to grab a coffee in Toronto. In a great location as well.
My husband and I have been here a few times. The food tastes real good but the service sucks
This place has unexpectedly good tacos and plenty of room. Also runs late night.
I love family promise they was there for me n my kids when we didn't have nothing r no where to go
Everything was good to outstanding. Singapore slaw was one of the best things i've ever eaten.
The spring roll was the best! Otherwise food was ok.
Comfortable and relaxed atmosphere even at busy at times. Orders have been done nice.
Great atmosphere, excellent bear prices. Every hour is happy hour, snd Veronica was awesome!
Previously known as Pho Annie and Rainbow Pho
they rebuilt my 99XJ's transmission now its ready for another 200,000 miles
A little expensive but well worth the drive coming here. Keep up the good work.
Pittsburgh eating at its best. Unpretentious. Made with love. Flavor that lingers.
Beer selection is dynamite.  3/4 of menu is deep fried. Staff is friendly!
The food was dry and tasted like it had been a couple of days old or more. very displeased !!!
Great experience...Great service...place is a must try...and of course it taste splendid.
Great place for a drink and live music
Tracy is a wonderful employee. Great deals for the holidays.
owner is awesome.. lots of yamaha guitars and amps.  the staff are friendly.. wish i lived closer :)
Food way really good... Portion was alot.. Nice service. Good eats & reasonable priced.
Hands down the best coffee in the airport!!! It's btwn gate C11-C17
Service rapide et bagels d licieux. Ne manquez pas d'y aller si vous  tes de passage!
What can I say...sometimes you just have to have something to et at the ball game.
swanky. glittery. blingin'. sexy.  love.
This place was rocking busy, but the staff was awesome. Food was great, fresh, and spot on.
Had a great burger, chips and peach margherita there yesterday! Would highly recommend for lunch.
Great date, had a good night here.  Very entertaining, worth the money. :)
Great place, decent food. Newly opened so all is well, hope they continue this way..!
Great sushi spot !!! Cool atmosphere and quality product. Service was prompt and attentive.
Best place on earth. Manicures sometimes last 2 weeks!! And Jeni knows everyone's name!!
Been coming here for 10 years. Still the best place to workout its a lill crowded at times.
Best gyro in all of charlotte. They deliver after 4 on weekdays. Affordable and so delicious.
2 jack asses making our sandwiches is all I remember about this experience.
Your black bean burger is incredible!  It's gotta kick but I love it!
Delicious rolls! I've ordered here at least a dozen times and never have been disappointed.
Great food. Great service. Cool atmosphere. In the middle of old town. Definitely recommend.
Bought a loaf of bread and muffin here.   Quality goods so come here for nice things.
One of the best bakery I have ever been to in Toronto. Reasonable. Great people to serve.
They count the leaves in your salad. Serving is too small. Some appetizer salads are better
One of the chillest hole in the wall bars ever. Great staff, nice patio and plenty of room to sit.
Closed! it would seem they did not pay their rent and the AZ center locked them out
Try out their Pear Sabayon!  We also love their mini cakes on display! Great place for a date :)
Francis (the bartender) was super rude after I paid $37 to even go on the high roller...
We were driving looking for some place to eat found Buck & Rider! Fantastic and delicious
I love this place, such good meat on the sandwiches. I order takeout and they are fast! Thank you
Decent beer by West Cost standards, excellent beer by East Coast standards.  Worth a return trip.
This place is the worst place. They had a phone outlet and the whole time they gave me dirty glares.
Today was the second time I left the line of the drive thru cause it was not moving.  Not going back
Custom work.  Personal attention.  Timely delivery!  What more do you want?
NY strip ($28) done to perfection and worth it! Enuff said.
Parfait pour un diner ! Un service rapide et leurs burgers sont tr s bon !   Je le recommande !!
If you can stand a cold and detached doctors...then this group is for you
Good cable service-my friends say.I have their internet DSL only and it is fine. Good service.
Very good traditional Mexican food ! Always great and taste fresh .. Love the cheese dip
Thanks Scott for being an entertaining and fun server... definitely coming back... thanks again
So delicious!!!! The food was authentic me the service was fantastic!!!! Definitely recommend
I've been going to pros nails for over 10 years I love the way Vy makes my nails look beautiful
Amazing hummus platter and lamb shank. byob. Small restaurant. Definitely make reservations.
The waffles here are very good, and you can load them up with lots of fruits!
One of the best local shops for serious classic comic collectors.
On the strip and reasonably priced.  Good food with cold beer.  Need wifi.
Been here several times now ...favorites are the House Fried Rice, Drunken Noodles, Hunan Chicken!
Worked there years ago, have shopped there forever! Love the place!
Amazing store with an awesome selection! Really wish there was one closer to me in Southern CA.
Just ate here! Good food! Friendly service! Didn't think it was as good as Zin on Camelback!
Excellent staff, VERY clean and contemporary. I would highly recommend this salon place.
This place was amazing. I can't wait to go back! Food was amazing and a very nice rustic decor!
Fast and friendly on a chilly night.   I just got the thanksgiving blend but it tasted so good.
Absolutely awesome first time here will not be our last.  Biscuits, Gravy and Omelette outstanding.
Ok. Liked their kung pao chicken and the pork scwhezan stir fry didn't turn out to be as good.
This place is terrible. The burgers are stale and the bread tastes like it's a few days old.
Good sandwiches, coffee and desserts make for a nice lunch spot on King East.
Hey hey whadda say, it's a great place for a drink today!
Great new bar. Friendly staff.  Nice addition to Bazaar shops in front of Ballys.
We love Kabuki it is a great place for families, on a date, or on a busy night take out is great!
The one thing I didn't like is the Mongolian beef dish was loaded with onion "fillers"
Great rolls! Came in for Wednesday 1/2 price roll night. Perfect spot to hit before the Cavs game!!
Salty Salmon, Inedible clams, wasted my money, two stars because one of my group enjoyed it.
Loved it!  Reasonably priced.  Lots of food!  And I like the atmosphere/setting.
I love this place!  Glad I found it, as I wasn't aware we had one here until I discovered yelp!
Always a good crowd at night...like the big patio and music videos.
My favourite restaurant in Toronto. Great food and amazing service. They deserve all their success.
awesome service and great tasting food! tip-pack your bowl until nothing fits anymore! ;)
Rude service. There are better dealers out there. Avoid this one.
Not a vegetarian but love fabulous veggie option..you must try the cauliflower pita tacos.
Opened a new account - very friendly and communicative! Looking forward to our new relationship
Crispy Garlic Chicken can't be beat!  Worth the trip!
Great vibe and great latte. Definitely the best coffee on Queen E. from Woodbine to Victoria Park.
Simply fantastic restaurant! I love the atmosphere, location, service, and great good.
Awesome small venue to see live music and chill.  Check out the upstairs balcony area and bar.
Never been disappointed by their food. Acoustics are bad, so it's hard to hear, but SOOOOOO yummy!
Vreat food and service.  Moderate price but well worth it.  Margarita pizza is my favorite.
Great service! King west dental has always giving me the number 1 attention and full service.
The food is amazing and the pies are spot on. I love coming here and the staff are great.
Great experience!! Excellent food and service for good price!! I love the relaxed atmosphere!!
Had the basil signature dish and the drunken noodle, both were just average.
The service is quick. Food is good and the portions are big just like back home in Hawaii...
Does what it does - better than most. Food is certaily adaquate. Staff is appropriate.
Even the Chinese buffet in Chadron, Nebraska was better than this. Don't even be tempted.
This place is amazing... I am visiting from LA and the music, vibe and food is amazing!! Love it!!
It was ok. I've had better tacos downtown. The meat was dry. I like my street tacos fresh and hot.
I had no problems with it. The ride was so enjoyable and the street cars are pretty fast! Love it!
best place to ever be in the modern day era!!! i'll consider this the modern day era  arcade place
Best snowballs in Las Vegas! True, New Orleans inspired frozen treats!
Great food and cool atmosphere. Would recommend. Still haven't tried the ramen dishes. On our list.
Prices are reasonable.  Chicken skewers are really cool idea.   Staff is great.
Excellent food. Good value. We really like it. Service is quick and fast.
well you do not find that many places with grass in the west valley
Have the chicken avocado burrito. It was great.
These guys were great - fast to respond and easy to schedule- and the work was great. Thanks!
I love this place! Penang curry, java fried rice are my fave! I like the tea selections too.
Best mexican I have had in years. End of story.
Fast and friendly service! I brought my 6-year-old daughter and they treated her like a princess!
Foie gras in burgers, aaahhhh soooo yummy! French serving at its finest! A must try!
Shrimp Burrito is the way to go. Don't drive past those place it more than worth the stop.
Thermal Imaging - Infrared to find termites. Best treatment available!
Very helpful staff and reasonable prices for the products and services provided
Great cigar bar in downtown Chandler! Very spacious and great staff! Highly recommended
Awesome awesome place!! Best modern sushi place. Every dish was extremely flavorful. Great seevice.
We may not be packed, but our nails are ready!  Thank you Mai for mouse-tastic Disney nails!
always good... I'm a vegan and their black bean burger is to die for!
Great drinks and food. The girls on staff are really cute. The nice thing is the two pool tables.
Ronnie rules... Great Service, awesome beverages and made this stop perfect. #mydude..
Go.  See Heather.  Get threaded.  Enjoy compliments.  Repeat.
Lovely ambience and food.  Also relatively inexpensive.
Delicious Ramen, fast service and friendly staff would recommend and definitely coming back!!
Great deli. Great staff. Great food. Where do they get their bagels from? They're the best!
Good food, good ambiance .... love that they cook it for us,  love their green tea ice cream, yummmm
Went with a friend.  She got the meat platter and loved it.  She said the food made her happy!
Andrea in express checkout has the worst attitude. She shouldn't be in customer service.
Nice selection.  Fair prices.  Purchased 15 lps.  Will be back.  Welcome to the new location.
Nice indoor-outdoor casual atmosphere but food was just average. Service was average.
Miso Ramen is just ok. Sashimi and Roll combo is just ok. Good service :-)
As always the pizza and service is excellent. Meat pizza and Pomodoro exceeded expectations! Yum
definitely start with the veg pakoras!  waitresses were dry. waiters were really friendly .
Down 1 star... Food is now sloppy and taste very bland. Just average now and worse than before.
Food is ok, not authentic. I saw good review but I was disappointed when I tried this place.
Great place to eat, nice environment very friendly staff! Bathroom clean. Food was great!
Had a large group, 30+. Great pesto. Bad acoustics. Very accommodating for allergies in the group.
Great service!  They were so quick as needed back early next day and they made it happen.
Good meat dishes great naans and dosa but not a lot of good veg options and the desserts are just ok
Best massage therapy. ... great adjustment
Amazing food! Awesome service ... Freshness of homemade food... Oh yes, nice music and ambience ..
Franchement d licieux et le service est g nial.
I love the MAC AND CHEESE at the Old Fashioned! Nowhere can beat it!
Good pub food. Skillet steak was spot on and beer selection was ok. Our server was awesome!!!
awesome falafel!
Lovely food! Relaxing ambience.. Will come again definitely.. Keep it up cafe tandoor!
Simply the BEST!!...there fast & customer service rocks!!...would recommend to anyone!
Une tr s bonne adresse pour boire une bi re entre amis ! Un coup de coeur assur ment.
Foods are delicious but service a bit slow!! Nice place, Strongly recommend for couple!
Much better than expected. Large portions. I only ate half my omelet! Got enough for lunch.
Really enjoy the coffee here. The bakery is all made in house my favorite is the uncrusted ciche.
So much flavor, so so good! Had the jerk chicken with ox tail gravy on my rice and beans.
Epic burger and shake!!! K.I.K. burger was so amazing and tasty. Defiantly a good choice
Cynthia is a boss at Lashes. Def need to get in with her to get your lashes done today!
burgers are great just like any other IN-N-Out but this location is very crowded
Brand new - they have an awesome iced tea selection!
Amazing service and very friendly dentist. I will bring my whole family here from now on Thank you
YUMMY!  You can taste the difference from the ordinary Pizza. I am in love with the Pannacotta
my favorite informal place to go with the family or friends. good food good service.
Wow the Pan Roast was incredible
Got a burrrito from here Thu/9 Apr about 11 pm: - Clean, spacious place. - Burrito was ok.
Heh, It's airport fare quick and easy nothing special nothing terrible.
Good sushi, VERY salty Miso Soup. Greeter/Hostess was very rude and aloof!
Its great food. Pad thai, thai samosa, soups...great!
No pizza here, but they have a good flatbread appetizer and good burgers. Service was great!
Quality Vietnamese broken rice that is just as good as the one you find in California.
We had the Brussels Sprouts and they were delicious. Just a touch of spicy which was perfect!
went for breakfast. avoided the horrible buffet crowds. kobe short ribs. boo-yah.
Tried the mango & chocolate ice cream!!! It was simply delicious and the service was very friendly.
best vegan burger! simple menu. Can't wait to try the fish tacos
best place ever. gerry get to class at the pit vegas!
Had a good dinner at sushi bar tonight. Everything was tastey and artfully decorated.
Excellent food. Good beer selection. Seating is cramped especially for us larger guys.
Best pho I've had so far in the valley, just wish they would put some egg rolls on the menu!!!
negative 5 stars this place sucks! customer service is horrible  do not waste your time & money
It is super cool shop, and girl worked there is really nice. You will find the best deal in town. :D
This place is a perfect representation of Verona !  That's really all that needs said ! LOL
Neat spot. Came for a quick lunch and had a very delicious salad. Excited to get back for pizza.
Very nice staff and decor, extremely relaxing. Got a gel fill for $31, which I am very happy with.
Just like any tea shop, usually busy, good food and drinks. Great place to hang out and chill!
Competitive prices, quick turn around, and the Techs a A+ and actually are daily riders.
Some call my love for D'Lite food an ADDICTION. I call it a LIFESTYLE! Heathy food every damn day!
Jolene and Ed took great care of us! Great food, good service, fantastic team environment.
Pharmacy is the slowest one in town. If you go after 5pm it's a minimum hour wait in line.
We had the best breakfast today and we love Tina 2 ate for 18.18 Have a good new year
Drive through girl that wears the napkins in her ear is super rude
Best service with the best dishes, you really can't find a place with better seafood in Phoenix.
an eclectic selection of used records and some nice memorabilia.
Great sushi & soups. Attentive waitress.
Good food. Slightly pricey, but great ambience.
Highly recommend , Very detailed, comfort , Informative . I definitely will come back again .
Over hyped! Great decor, service is great, food selection ok, actual food ok. Would I go back? No.
Japannese crepe style heaven! Just right amount of sweetness with salty taste. A must have
I have to give the Cosmo 5stars mainly cause of All Saints! Great hotel.
The best pizzeria in Scottsdale! Very good quality and super kind owner!
The bruschetta was amazing. The pretzel plate was also good. I enjoyed the albori o wine.
P.S. Albert, if the hotel isn't full , we would love to get invitations to stay here .
Good Service, Good food.
Had a BLT with great fries and milkshake. Fresh and delicious. Clean and friendly staff.
The food is awesome, love the three cup chicken, crispy tofu and the beef noodle soup.
Ordered last night when it got here all of it was cold and the dough was gooey waste of $20+.
Good, solid Chinese food served fast at a good price.  Lunch specials are a good value.
Fresh. Quick. Nice Patio. I'll return and try more dishes.
A disappointing electronics store for its size.  Maybe the Baseline Fry's is better.
Best street tacos in the Henderson area
Huge portions. Had shrimp tacos and it was good. Jalape o chicken is also highly recommended.
Dirty, mismanaged. People behind counter can't seem to keep the simplest order straight.
Finally some good Boba close to home! Great selection and good atmosphere. Try the popcorn chicken.
Actually great NY-style pizza and not just a novelty act- which it certainly is.
Amazing restaurant and for sure will be back! Great service and outstanding salads and pizza!!
Great new spot. Perfect size for one person, made to order and customizable, and tastes great.
The service was good and they were flexible letting us use the Yelp check in offer.
Best service best tacos in fact all the food is awesome. Great variety of beers and good cab
Food is excellent but the service needs improvement. Great prices and a good atmosphere.
big portion. ribs r really good. i'm a pork fan and i luv it.
The food is fresh and good, the value is superb and the service, though not flashy, is quick.
Cheater!  They try to overcharge all of the bills in our party.  Luckily I keep my receipt!
Great iced coffee! Cold brewed?... Works for me.
This is a cute small casino my husband like how old school and rustic it is it adds so much  pizazz
Awesome drinks and appetizers! Get the dirty chips! Waitstaff was super friendly too!
Great drink prices and nice staff in the bar, but sooooo smoky that I could only stay for one drink.
Best poutine I've ever had. I can die now! love the crispy pot fries too!
We ate here for breakfast - egg sand which and some kind of smoothies LOVED IT
The best sausages I have tested and next to the Banger Brewery. It can't get any better.
Food was super yummy and the customer service was amazing! Loved that it was so clean!
It just doesn't get better than this when it comes to prime steak. It's a classic.
Lunch with my son a couple of slices best pizza in Charlotte.  We will definitely be back
Bad wifi, good people, helpful nurses; ready to help at every corner
Weekday lunch was "meh". Nothing special... I like the buffet at Bellagio much better.
Sat at the bar and had dinner.  Great food.  Will be back soon!
Great food and really cool laid back atmosphere
I love my "Charlie Brown" Christmas tree I bought from Rudolph's. 2nd year in a row!!!
Had eyelash tinting at Aakriti and it was amazing! Great service & very efficient. Will be back :)
Jarrod is the bomb enough said the man the myth the legend no one other and impressive in dances
thanks for updating the chairs. Makes a big difference!
I loved the results! Very gentle nice touch...
Love this guy! 3rd time here! Will continue to come back here even though my work offers Cpr free
   25   2   
Great food and service. Love the Zen decor. Can not wait for the terrase to open.
Great spot. Great guys. Appointments during Mon-Fri is best.
Great experience with new car purchase. Very pleased with Costco auto program. Will buy again.
These guys treat all their customers like college trash and have no respect. Laughable.
Love this groomer. Sue is awesome and wonderful. Very professional and Shiro loves her. :)
Great food and service.  Have only been for lunch.  Fantastic pizza and good selections of starters.
Place   d jeuner classique le caf  est en extra pratique en poussette decoration ferme chic
Consistent service throughout the years. Good coffee. No complaints.
I really like  this place, fast service;JB our server was awesome,  I'll come back soon.
Very good food. Very clean restaurant. Customer service is exemplary. Try the Thai lettuce wraps.
Brand new! Huge courtyard with amazing pool!
Still figuring out what I think...
This place is fantastic. Simple decor, but the food is just amazing.
Meatball sandwich outstanding and the bistro beef salad. Both are large portions and delicious.
This is our spot! Sit at the bar, get good company, good drinks and a great happy hour.
Great place for natural skin products! I also bought the cutest small succulents today.
This place has Tasty and professional delicious Yemenis food ever in Toronto u can get
Nice local bakery. Not everything is made by them but a lot of stuff is. I love their canolis.
The burger is average, as are the fries, but is a notch above ordinary fast food. Excellent service.
Not happy paid 40 bucks car is not clean, paid for leather condition and wheel well polish..
Not up to the hype. Food taste and quality is not even average. Prepared to be disappointed.
An ok Bakery, had some bread and macaroons, they were ok. Nice staff, had an ok selection of goods.
Great background music, ample parking, great Cappucinos, good service, and delicious Ostrich!
Dale was so great at my walk through. He helped me tremendously and made the experience awesome!
Tried the panda, and it's good. Other drinks that we pressed were good. Texture of the boba is good.
Love this place, I am here at least once a month!
Excellent prices and knowledgeable staff! Everything you need in one small space!
We love this place for brunch. Everyone is kind, it's clean and the food is fresh and delicious.
Love that place the chicken is so good and so is the lemonade the best I ever had love it
Service is usually good. Food doesn't take long. Drinks could be a little stronger...
Hot and cold crab legs, and an excellent seafood selection. Great cheeses and cured meats.
Very very nice hotel, the chandelier bar is so elegant !!    Will surely be back, !!!
In a little locals place in Vegas. Food is real good. Great fish soup and good prices.
I just want to say how clean and fresh the pizzeria looked and yes the pizza is great!!
Still have awesome noodles! I always ordered #16A & veg's garlic stir fry!
Great place, very rude bartender. No good resturant there. Nice place, pool so so
Pretty good casual dining. I will repeat.
Worst service I have ever received and it was cold food and all the employees were texting
Beds are always broken, dirty and customer service is non existing
Delish!  Got the jerk chicken and the oxtail. Super flavourful. Chicken soup was delish too!
Awesome place to eat!  Service was just as good as the food!  I would eat there everyday if I could!
Plenty of big screens and lots of bets,,relax and enjoy!
Excellent! A unique spin on japasian fusion.
No surprise...extremely slow no matter when you come in. Government efficiency at its best.
Absolutely beautiful, nothing like seeing history.
Pho is good.  You will get more service from the owner if you're a white business man.  Cash only
Great little place. Food is really good. Love the pie shakes!  Will for sure go back again.
Definitely a nice break from the strip and our server was very sweet.
We ordered the T-rex poutine. Delicious! I always have to get poutine when I visit Canada!
I left a message over a week ago to schedule a consultation, and NEVER received a call back.
Per usual I was taken good care of! Looking forward to the next time when I'm in town.
Excellent food,  better service.   Maddie was great.   She made the experience fantastic!
Fantastic tacos. Great spicy salsa. Cool atmosphere. Perfect for a quick inexpensive eat!
Prices are fair. Good customer service the staff is friendly. Will be back soon thanks.
Best Phad Thai in Ontario so far.  Limited menu selection means almost all of the food are great.
Meant this review for the Litchfield store! Sorry people! Didn't check the address first!
Had the Canuck was awesome! definetly got the the pizza / stringy melted cheese fix :)
Worst boba place in town. Only gets customers for its location. We threw all our drinks away.
Really good. Open until pretty late and great food and service. The owner is super nice!
I've been here twice so far and plan on coming back again. Really liked the sate beef noodle soup.
So great!
The best place to hang out on a Saturday. Lots of shade and beautiful cars and people
This place is the TRUTH!!!...great food..great staff..the mixed BBQ is for real!!..cheers GHBBQ!!
OMG I LOVE the Mexican Benny at Hazel's. It's just the perfect spicy dish for brunch.
The colors bother me....really.  Looks like a can of Chef Boyardee at Chuck E Cheeses.
Great service. All ur alteration and dry cleaning needs... This is the place. Diane you're great!
This place is one of Toronto's rare treasures. Stop by for a sandwich that will blow your mind.
Video lounge?  Huh? Cafe?  Huh?  Try a gay bar. That being said.....GREAT.
The burger was pretty delicious, but the prices are on the expensive side. The service was great!
Great variety of shops; however, not a big fan of them putting those kiosks in.
Great tasting food, paired with great service and ambiance.
Exceptional steak and even better "Rat Pack" atmosphere!  Definitely bringing customers here, often.
Great service.  Good quality food.  Will become a regular here!
Good atmosphere. Great food and great drinks. The oysters were awesome!
It's a Harris Teeter, so it's pretty awesome, but it's in Uptown, so parking stinks.
This place was terrible! Took forever to get our food, which came out cold. Never again!
Great experience. The staff were friendly and the food was tasty. Had a great matcha latte as well!
Caf  excellent et d cor sympa ! Le quartier est tr s chaleureux aussi! A+
Awesome place.I cant wait till football season
Great place for coffee great bakery also. Fun atmosphere. Would recommend to anyone in Vegas
Billing issues on credit card after stay. Just stay away and avoid headache afterward.
Bad customer support , can't even tell menu to customer when they call to enquire or order.
Rejoined after being gone 2 years - lovin' it!  Katie!
Went with my family and the service was friendly and efficient. Try the Zucchini bread it's awesome.
Super nice. Tres tres belle place pour les amateurs de fruits de mer. Bonne place pour le raw bar.
Best Cuban sandwich in town and the pastelitos de guayaba are amazing. This place is the real deal.
Love that I can get wine (the really good stuff) by the glass. Pizza is the way to go!
Amazing...Cheesesteak was great and the line moved fast and the food came out just as fast!!!
Back again! Very good pappardelle bolognese! The pizza is always great too! Nice neighborhood place!
Went for lunch and service is good and sushi rolls very good. Try the heart attack app...very yummy.
Peter was great!!!!!! He took his time and did a great job. The whole staff was very friendly too
Just average in my opinion but I would not repeat to be sincere.
Someone is trying too hard to make this an "arts district".  Where's the art?
The "anti dive bar" Really cool place, nice lighting. Reasonable prices. Definitely will return.
The best buffet ever! I'll come again next time in town!
Pezzano ha thr migliore pizza. MI mancheranno Pezzano's.
Fast and friendly service, something that is very rare these days. I highly recommend !
Zina was a great help! If you ever need assistance with putting pieces together, she's wonderful.
Lousy service, the food was mehhh, and my stomach was very unhappy after eating there.
The service is really great!!! We ordered a chicken bowl, the meat is really tender n alot ...
I went to other branch sorry for my last preview about this location
Good food, new look to the place and new menu. Got to try garlic butter shrimp!
Pizza was soooooo good! Jalape o & pepperoni! The jalape os were so spicy but awesome!!
Had a great experience with awesome service for a birthday dinner! Thank you Central Bistro!
Nice little restaurant in the neighborhood. Sushi and sashimi are passable. Average food quality.
Nick is an amazing trainer, Ive never felt so healthy and inshape before! Highly Recommended!
The blue berry pie was great. The coffee taste was nothing unordinary. But great atmosphere.
This place is amazing! I love the history and brews this bar has to offer!
Great food, service is usually pretty good, prices are on the higher end.
If you want good bread and some decent soup then this is the place to go. For food, don't bother.
Go see Rachel! She is the go to girl for color!!! AMAAAAZING!!! She does AWESOME scissor work too ;)
I had lunch while waiting for a flight. Ordered the butter salmon. Chewy and dry. Awefulllllll.
Love this local brewery. Todd is always ready to impart some knowledge about their great beers.
Nicky is hands down the best server I've ever had, I would go back just for her recommendation
I luv my service. Friendly environment. Very efficient just luv overall of my mani and pedi
Awesome food, beautiful venue , great staff must try when in town . Great sea food and king crab .
They have great customer service and higley recommend them. Also have great coupons. Try them out.
A nightclub who's motto state's "Status is everything"?  Gag me.
The store is closed, they are only a manufacturing facility now.  No long on Ossington Ave.
April was very nice, professional and knowledgeable ! I am so glad I picked this public storage !
Amazing food! Dumplings were phenomenal- everything was made fresh and the service was excellent.
2 words.....Long Lines!
Terrible coffee, brutal customer service, this neighbourhood needs a decent coffee shop!
Friendly staff,good service,awesome food packed on saturdays at least when i was there a few times.
Fast, quick,boba was perfect!! Got the winter melon with boba and it was bomb! Totally going back
Pretty chill place. Good views of tv's. Likely to recommend to watch a good game. Go Avs!
My favorite supermarket  The best quality of food although little pricy I get all my meat from there
Great customer service, horrible wings. Very soggy and salty fries for my first time eating here
What a nice little find. Small cute and great food. We went for breakfast and it was delicious
Bunch of pretty wanna bees run this place. Food is so so.
Great room, modern, fun, nice staff.
Best latte in Toronto! Baked goods are to die for too
Our favorite Italian place in vegas... never disappointed, always too stuffed when we're leaving!
Banquet Burger with Onion Rings - perfect after a night of getting your drank on.
Great location and friendly staff! Located inside the MGM Grand
Pretty weak, it's a Dennys disguised as some sort of niche bacon place
Poutine Rachel.  So good you'll want to rub it all over your face!
Food was great. But last night i went there the food was bit too salty.
One of the best burger joints in Montreal. It is upper class, expensive but classy and romantic.
Had the EY Fried Chicken (Salad) was very good. Nice size portion and chicken was seasoned.
Quiet apartments and friendly staff. These are the nicest apartments that I've lived in or toured.
Awesome thats all i have to say! Plan awesome! Surprise's best lil secret!
Excellent service. Min is very nice, too. Highly-recommended and will definitely go back. :)
Had a great meal, service, experience! Highly recommend the albacore salad and the St. James drink.
Worst service ever! Waited for over an hour to get rental car. Our flight was shorter than this!!!!
The ultimate dish is good. good place for people like spicy seefood
This is the absolute best price for allignment and new tires.  Excellent service and friendly staff
Best sandwich I've ever had! Great pricing!!! Love this place!!
Great selection of dog apparel and collars/leashes, great staff, clean store.
potine heaven .well established resto
Tr s bon resto   ne pas manquer si vous avez le gout dun bon filet mignon. le service est excellent
It was good. My Thai friends liked it so I guess it's close to authentic.
Service is good. I just wish I had order something else. I would come back for sure!!
This is the best bubble tea I've ever had. And the food is so fresh. I'm officially a loyal customer
Kiyoshi is now open!!! And guess who ordered it for lunch today? About half my department! :D
Love this place! Latte the best I have had. Food is better than average. I will frequent often.
The Hangover burger was amazing!! So flavorful and cooked perfectly. I am definitely coming back!
Best steak dinner I ever had. A must to visit at the Wynn.
My gosh... Absolutely delicious! Great old fashioned burgers. I'd highly recommend this place!
This is my neighborhood bakery. This place has the best pies, bread, pastries. So so good!
The food is fresh and delicious. The staff is courteous and organized. Very positive experience!
I live close to the store. Very nice and convenient place, and people are very polite . 5 stars!
Great environment. Had a Mocha. Tastes amazing. Service is good too!
I love Michael Angelo cakes. I bought the popcorn cake. It was beautiful
The staff is so rude, I never go to this tim hortons just because of the it.
Fast food for French cuisine, and we know how that works. Horrible and over expensive
Knowledgeable folks, not a long wait to get phone information and replacement parts
It's IN N OUT, you can't go wrong. Great food, great service.
This is my traditional first stop in Vegas. It's perfect for a quick meal after the plane ride.
Great food as always! Our server was attentive making sure our drinks were replenished.
Food is mostly bar stuff but good.  Dinner specials are worth it.  Youngish crowd after 8pm.
Underwhelming at best. The chips were stale, and the service wasn't as quick as I would expect.
Good food. Fresh. Some items seem a little pricey  shrimp mango quesadilla is really good
The potato and bacon soup on monday's and the corn chowder any day is the BEST!!!
My favorite burger in Pittsburgh! Always delicious - the meat is absolute perfection.
Went to grab a loaf of focaccia and wow!! Soft and chewy, fresh and homemade!
Love this place. Food is great and the portions are enorous. I keep going back anc back.
Very rude. Terrible service. Not worth it. I cannot even believe how awful they were!
Neat little bit o' Gold mine of a place to sit and enjoy coffee and treats.
They did such a great job on my carpet!  I recommend them to everyone who asks!
OMG by far the best of the best!!! Loved every min spent there. Oh and the Mimosas are AMAZING
I have 18 Palo Verde trees, he did a wonderful job of pruning them for monsoon season.
We had a blast while enjoying a large group with reserved tables!!!  Highly recommend going here!
Fried zucchini was great!  Pizza is very good.
I have gone in numerous times. Great selections and customer service is exceptional!
My personal favorite place to go for a special treat!  Love the brunch!
I went today and they're out of business - closed down for good. Complete waste of gas.
The nail tech took her time and did great work. It was clean with a good music background.
New owner took over in April, much better, laid back, good prices and friendly staff..
Nice interior, fancy ipad ordering, nice wait staff, and quite packed on a Thursday night.
Excellent customer service and gorgeous arrangement. Strongly recommended this place!!
So good! I wanted to try Indian food and this was amazing. The garlic shrimp was great !
The cupcakes are good, the service was great I just think $40 for 12 cupcakes is a little much!
Excellent cocktails, great food and good atmosphere.  A bit pricey tho.
Amazing breakfast burritos and tasty chips and salsa. Very good service too! Also a poke stop!!
The best place I've ever been to..... the drinks, service and DJ are incredible.... best place ever
Fair quality but over priced. Menu quite pedestrian. Not sure why so popular. Location I guess
OMG try the paprikash-Superb. Burgers so good too!  New family favorite.
Huge mall. Lots of choices. Visited the first Target opened in Canada last weekend in Square One.
Meat lover's paradise.. best steak I've had in toronto.
Simply overpriced. Bad food, stagnant atmosphere. Why am I still here?
Never, never again!!! Food was overcooked and not even fresh !!! Horrible service !!!
Payless wait more... For your information, Vacation is important! Hire more works...  Please!
The Salmon Kabobs with Greek Salad, rice and pita bread are fantastic. Great healthy meals.
Oh my god!! So good. Love "mom and pop" and this totally fits the bill and it's deliciousness.
Very nice ladies. My dog is quite timid and they are always very patient and kind to him.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Definetly returning. One of my new favorite places in vegas.
Cartel Coffee Brown ~ Nitro ~ delicious!!! Great food and beer!
awful!!!  this place is so bad it doesn't deserve 1 star.  taco bell is much better don't go
Everyone is great...with staff checking in, the care, Doctor's time with patient to checking out.
Make sure..if you buy it, you keep it. No Returns or Refunds..only exchange or store credit
This Dog park near our Airbnb always seemed busy, and well-run.
I love Mon Ami Gabi! The view, the food, the service.
Like the new location, tons more space than the old place. Great selection of cigars.
I love this place. It's near my job and they are very nice, quick and the food is really good.
I am so happy we finally have an Indian food place on this side of town! Amazing food and service!
Quality Chinese food. Extremely recommended.
For the price and quality of food, I was incredibly pleased with my visit. The Italian is on point!
My favorite because of the scenery and course made for irons.  Tough but great course.
Standard Mexican supermarket. (Very slight smell of rotting flesh throughout)
Delicious. Get the maple donut.
Awesome massage and sugar scrub ask for Regina she's the best back feels great thanks
Awesome team of animal lovers.  Joni is a sweetheart and very caring!
Good food, nice view of Bellagio, the best place to hang out when the sun is out.
Yummy. The best NY style pizza. Fresh dough. Atmosphere is perfect for watching a game and noshing
My favorite place to stop after picking the kiddos up from school! Love, love, love The Frozen Frog!
The team here is very good!  Outpatient surgery was very easy and clean. I can recommend this place.
Great food, the pizza is amazing!  Only pizza I can say I really love. Fast friendly service too.
Older lady refused to serve us and limited our order to 2 even though we have clearly 4 people.
The margaritas were strong and I LOVE their spinach con queso dip!
Everyone is so friendly, the office is clean/modern and they follow up on appointments.
We keep coming back. Best sushi in town, excellent service, and great sake selection.
Good place for lunch or dinner.  The salids are a standout and the pizza does not disapoint.
umm nothing beats it. why else do snow birds flock here for the winter?
A great place run by great people. The selection was excellent and prices aren't to STEEP.
Wow amazing. The service was great and this place became my fav Mexican restaurant in Phoenix.
Portions are good size. Taste is excellent!  Our server she was very nice.  Great place!!
Great food all around. Steaks, seafood, Mexican food, Asian food and more.  All of it was delicious!
Braised short rib was better than Bistro 19's short rib.  If it is on the menu, don't think twice.
The HOT new club in Vegas-- located inside the Bellagio.  Nuff said.
Excellent services and unforgetable moments when I got some perfect shots with Glock and M4
It was close, convenient, fast, friendly.  Every thing I want when getting my car inspected.
Mediocre food and slow service.  The best thing I like about this place is the gluten-free bread.
A great burger spot from California, with many options and sides. Perfect for downtown
This is a step above other local Brazilian Steakhouses. The service and quality was impeccable.
Everyone who works at Cute Nails is very pleasant. They do a great job at a good price.
Great barbecue and sauce. Loved the to go drive through. Not inexpensive, but really tasty pork
Peanut butter crunch burger is bomb. Doesn't get soggy, right amount of sweet and savory, filling.
Some of the best airport fare I've ever had.  Creative dishes and well put together come to mind.
It's closed and has been closed for awhile. Replaced by Viva Las Arepas. Major upgrade.
The employees are very pleasant and helpful. Nice computers and a wonderful selection of books.
This is the place to go in Cleveland to get your dim sum fix.
Best pizza in the city. Period.
By far the best bagels this far from the Big Apple. Efficient counter service. Delicious!
Absolutely terrible. Food bland, service horrendous, inside dull. Avoid.
YUM!! We ordered salads, hot wings, pizza and 2 hefeweizens!!! Good service and great food!!
Best low main ever have big portion size also enough for leftovers  fav Chinese place ever!
Great hotel! The staff was super friendly, would stay there again.
Food and service are so good. The music is so loud that I kind of don't want to come back. :(
Y'all are bloody brilliant. Just about every visit has been a great experience. Super nice.
Great work and great prices.  Very knowledgeable and got my old scooter running great!
quality and service varies . sometimes really good and sometimes mediocre.  can be noisy and cold.
Excelente y muy rico la atenci n , al mil. Ideal para disfrutar con la familia mmmmm muy rico !!!
Meh. The food here is okay. This is your average and typical Italian place.
Dinner   Ambience: 4/5   Food: 4/5  Service: 3.5/5 (Friendly) Value: 3/5  Repeat: Likley
Love the pizza, the hoagies and the atmosphere of Mineo's in Squirrel Hill !   New add on spaces !!
Great pizza! You do have to plan ahead as they run out of favourites. Worth the wait!
Ordered delivery. Pizza was great. Way better then any of the major chains. Love it!
My kids had the best time (Ages 5 and 8) Lots to do. Very clean!!! We will be back again!!
Good food.  Nice staff. More than just pizza! I eat there at least once a week!
On peut m me se faire graver son nom sur un m&ms ! unique !!
Great food, delivery guy was so nice, and the prices are so cheap!! Will be ordering again :)
This oven backed neopolitan pizza is unique and super good .... Love the one with the brisket.....
Great food and fun atmosphere! Highly recommend chicken parmigiana.
Very good smoked meat and roast beef sandwiches! Good fix if you are craving Swartz's!
Best Korean BBQ in town! Friendly staff and cute design makes for a great experience!
It was ok.  Served its purpose, food & drink.   Used the check in coupon, easy and worth it.
The common have a splendid soy chi tea iced in the summer, and a warm one in the winter! A must try!
Best fast food in the Las Vegas airport. Spicy chicken. 2 piece, 3 piece, biscuits, mmmm
great cocktails..great appetizers. this place is definitely a must go  to in madison
Awesome food and drinks - great old school atmosphere. Dean Martin playing in background.
A new fav!  Yummy, innovative vegan food in a beautiful space in central Old Montreal.
Dont plan on comin back here. Bald fade didnt come out clean at all.
Doing a impromptu function and Ben at Canes completely hooked me up and helped us with our function.
Service is amazing here. Everyone is friendly! Thank you Bambi for the extra care you provided us.
I love this location although anyone hardly speaks english! VERY AUTHENTIC TACOS ! " MEXICAN FOOD "
This place is awesome! Fast, great price and delicious! Pretty simple. Wish there were more in town
I was just charged $25 for COLD pizza!!! Manager didn't even care. Papa Johns it is from now on!!!
Just had granite done by these guys.  Great price, great product.  I will use them again soon.
Very nice staff and vet, open 7 Days a week with vaccination clinics 3x per week.  Not pushy.
This is one of my favorite Italian places. The server was nice, the food came out quick
Best pad thai I've had outside of Thailand.
Stopped here late a night for a quick snack. No issues through the drive thru. Order was correct. A+
Welcome addition to the Northside! Ramen was great!! We also liked the takoyaki. Will be back soon!
Stylish little bar. I am not personally into video bars, but this is a good one - HOT staff :-)
Good service, low prices for happy hour, good bar food
Love samurai sushi chefs,the two Kevin
Great food and a view of the Bellagio fountains.  The outside is somehow air conditioned also
Casey is amazing! Definitely knows how to cut it up. Not only a great cut but an entertaining time.
Hands down, the best Tempe record shop... period.
Interesting store!! Super cheap with some designer brands. Got a pair of men's pants for $10!!!
Aweeome little place good food right next to my work so a go to when looking for food
Was my first trip to JT's and I will be back.  Food and service was very good for lunch!
Just had the Carolina pork with greens and was not disappointed. Look forward to our next visit
The pizza was great, specially the Margarita and Veggie  one, but the atmosphere was may friendly!!
Drinks where amazing but the boba are just a bit to hard! But overall the place look really nice!
The best most authentic buffet I have ever eaten at. Period.
Fast service and friendly.  Prices are very good.  Will be returning to get my back tire soon.
Nice lady and very gentle hands did a reasonable job will definitely go there again
Ken was awesome.  After a long hard work week he made me feel brand new.  I will be back
Best steamed egg. Short ribs and fried octopus are good too. Yummy chicken soups. Reasonable price.
AWFUL! Not worth the expensive price. Food was cold and very poor quality. Left me feeling uneasy.
Came in for a last-minute trophy for a company event and was treated very promptly and kindly!
I really like the butter burger.  It's a old style of food that reminds me when I was a kid.
never had a bad meal in half a dozen visits.
Gross!!!  The breakfast had no taste to it at all. Way better places out there.
Pasta good. You feel like a welcome patron not just a number Unique way to make chicke , not for me.
The food is very bland. They do give you a big size portion.  Mr. Wongs is the best in the area.
Seated immediately. Staff was great.  The papadorre was excellent!   Price was very reasonable.
Great place. Great service a little high priced. It has nice ambiance and the atmosphere is nice.
The Pho is okay. Service could be faster.
Great food every time and the best service from Chris as well...  our brunch spot Sunday funday!
Their pastries have delightful texture and are not overly sweet. Definitely worth trying!
Nice stadium. Hassle free parking. Lots of fun.
My  favorite grocery store ever!
Love the Raja sauce!  I get the Raja bean burrito every time.   Also great chips with quac.
Filthy office 2 1/2 wait.  You are sitting with coughing children.
Good food, great service and "local flavor" - recommended...
I purchased a pool view room. Does anyone see a pool view ? I sure don't. False advertisement.
Went there the first time last night. Awful service and awful drinks. Will never go there again.
A well-run salon. I have been coming here for several years and enjoy the treatments.
Love this place. The food is so good and healthy. The service is good. I highly suggest you try it.
Crazy good.  Best restaurant ive ever been to that was attached to a mall.
Bad food and slow service. Chili was Luke warm. Burgers were raw in middle.
Great food. Huge portions. The spiciness was perfect (medium) and the waiter was great!
Piling on, it is good. Chhesecurds be great! Elbow to Elbow sucks but it is Mad city downtown
Pleasant experience. Nice establishment. Very clean. Food is ok. A little overpriced for the taste
Destiny was a really helpful server. Very on top of her station and not a fake kind of nice :)
Jesse and crew did an amazing job removing our stubborn tile and left the place clean!
Great service amazing food. The poutine was delightful & very reasonable price for a family dinner.
The best ice cream in Montreal for sure. The world... maybe...
Great place for lunch.  Come to get Pho at least once every 2 weeks. The Best in the area
The sushi is amazing! They have brought back the art of sushi to the valley! Thank you Sushiholic!!
I love this place. They have so many great stores huddled together in one convenient location.
It was ok not the best breakfast and coffee ive had but overall it was good thanks for the coffee
For what it's worth a decent place to donate money or as some call it gambling.
Taco's were da bomb as expected. If they weren't they wouldn't last. Romantic and social setting.
fine food, but I can't remember what I had. nothing overwhelmingly good.
Marlon was great, he was able to get the AC back up again. Very professional and funny.
In-N-Out is just the best. Double-double animal style. Enough said
Veggie burger isn't vegan despite what the staff will tell you. Great fries though.
Found the perfect tree instantly and they cut it for me and even loaded it in the truck.  Thank you!
Friendly and efficient staff made me visit to have an MRI done as painless as possible.
Should really take off that they service Charlotte on their website when they don't.
BEWARE!!!! I got charged twice 500 for cleaning when I only went once!!!!
Large portions, low prices, and speedy service. Oh, and there's Tina
Very tasty Poke Bowels. Great selections and seemingly fresh. Good portions.
Great Place! Friendly People! Great Nails! I Recommend DANNY!
You will not find better pizza in Vegas than Metro, in my opinion.
Sushi are good, but they have too many orders, so they are messing with ingridients often.
Good food, hearty portions, fast service and reasonable prices. What's not to like about this place?
Favorite movie theater in the country.  No Joke.
Chanel did a wonderful job on my nails! I love them! She has great attention to detail. Thank you!!
My favorite place to eat! Awesome service and fun atmosphere and the food is always delicious!!
If you enjoy partying with douchebags and 905ers, then go to this place.
I was never a client for Jason stoffel, only amanda roberts. This is not a fake review.  Take care.
Hands down best burgers in the city. The food is always excellent and so is the service
This Club is a real Grown and Sexy Club...very impressed. We will definitely be returning...
Best authentic pizza place around !   Food is always perfect and atmosphere amazing !
Great place nice surroundings and good coffee could ask for better really!
If they had more ratings stars I'd give them a higher rating.   Great florist!!!!
Today 10-31-16 one hour for a car wash and no they were not that busy!!
Great Pad Thai Country Style lots of  sauce and great flavor. The Summer rolls were also a big hit
100% the best hot dogs and Mac n cheese I've had in Pittsburgh. Actually anywhere. Soooo good.
The lobster tail was a little hard, but the Apple turnover and the cream puff were too die for!!!
Reliable service, fast, professional - awesome!
Best BBQ/Rotisserie chicken on the West Island!
This is the best haircut with the best people I've ever had!  Hands down. They effen rock...
Great prices and good quality too! Everything worked out smooth with them and the jumper
great customer service. Had a classic-tasted quite good.
Great theatre very clean lots of snacks to choose from great staff here and friendly will be back
Great service. Menu has a large variety of different foods... Large portions . Good prices.
 Vegas   Very good traditional Chinese Hotpot place! Everybody have to come have a try.
Location and ambiance sucks, but you can't beat the prices for some good quality prime rib!
"Pad Thai was incredible, and the appetizers were tasty food art."
The food was very well made so tasty and yummy.nice staff Try the coconut shrimp soup soooooo gooood
This place is SO good!!!! Good BBQ is hard to find but this place is the real deal. It's a must!
Best chili cheese burgers I've had since I moved here..... Reminds me of back home.....
I Love this place it's so good all the menu is so good I've had every single thing on it
Fast response, friendly, helpful with ensuring wires are hidden.  I would def recommend.
French toast was amazing portions and price good great customer service
19 beers in tap, specialty bombers and great pizza.  Also, they have live music and sports.
Combo Pan Roast FTW!!! Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas, hands down.
Pretty good veggie roll and the Las Vegas roll looked amazing. Quick service. Friendly staff.
Good food, average service, no wait, extensive menu!
Menu is quite limited for vegans. Great ambiance though. Loved the outdoor seating.
Horrible! So many hidden charges at your check out, they are scam! Worst customer service
We go here often and we really enjoy it. The service is fast and friendly and the food is great!
Very personable employees, fast service.   Basic pedicure for $20 and they're very thorough!
Gym has 4 basketball courts. They run a training camp for kids here and basketball leagues as well.
Great store,  buffet is bad old food, but the sandwichs and pizza and selection is great
So much fun!  Great spot for family pics!  They have a great pumpkin patch in the fall too.
Awesome - cute, cheap, great food. Fresh tacos, burritos, etc. in the Arts Factory building.
Looks like bike week! Superbowl weekend crazy!  Fun wild crowd!
It's one of the best sushi places in the city. Outstanding teryaki!!!
Food was too strange.  I found a metal ball in one of my dishes.  Not even a free dessert.
If you go here to get photos taken, ask for April, she's the best! Loved our family photos.
absolute best salsa and chips in town.......the service is awesome as well!
I liked knowledgeable staff and selection. The store is always clean, and well Laid out.
Food tasted amazing! Crab, crawfish, shrimp, clams, corn, and potatoes with the crackin sauce.
Italian gold wings are crack!  Food is slow.
Good authentic Chinese food with reasonable price. Like their Hunan Chicken a lot.
We love their food! The babaganouj is amazing. We have been several times and never disappointed
Great place for a large group, but watch out they do charge 5$ for additional rice bowls
Great service, friendly owners, and awesome food. It's a fun place and I highly recommend it!
OK pizza. Crust pizza and point pizza are good choices if you want to give it a try.
Great food and beer! We got a free dessert with first check in. Gordon Ramsey signature dessert!
Nice nice nice. Simple, just take care of my ragged feet. Nice coat of color. That's all I need.
Super friendly. Very knowledgeable. Definitely happy with the selection and service. Sim is the man.
Authentic mexican tacos, you can`t get enough. Good job guys !
Awesome staff. Our daughter just started getting into archery and they have been so helpful.
I like this CVS. It's big, clean and everyone is very friendly. Watch out for oldies!
Made a order online through yelp it was fast easy and our food was hot and delicious.
Nice decor, bright, decent service but mediocre food since it moved from penny lane.
One of the best bakeries in Toronto! Amazing sourdough, a Kensington Market institution.
Other pizza's pale in comparison--really yummy pizza!!!
Long lines for average pho. I don't get it. Prices are average for pho (cheap).
Very friendly staff, and pricing is good! would go back for another visit definatley !
My friends and are very happy that Zipp's opened!  Fun place with energy.
Fast and great service .. I was truly lucky to find this place.. I definitely recommend it
Pizza is great, the food is 5 stars.  The dining area could use some remodeling and upkeep though.
Asada steak taco is amazing. The queso is great, chips excellent: I will definitely come back.
Brisket Tacos are killer!!! Potato wedges are amazing!!! All in all an amazing BBQ place!!!
The Chili Relleno! That and black bean soup - alone are worth the trip to Streetsville.
Good local pub, excellent prices
Not bad service the lady that did my nails made them pretty much perfect to be honest
This is a great salon.  Everyone is nice and friendly.  Lani is my favorite---very meticulous!!
The gold standard in Pittsburgh. Under-rated white pizza.
The best way to start off a Sunday morning, especially with my favorite apple-fritters ! !
Zina at the arroyo crossing store is amazing. So helpful and confident in her style sense.
Completely understaffed. Unorganized. It's Friday morning.  Get some people behind the counter.
Cynthia was great and she guided us through the entire process!  Highly recommended!
Just average food, not really prepared very well with not so good service and dirty tasting water.
Best Coffee in Vegas!!! Great staff and their croissants are on point. I love the nitro brew!!!
The first visit shows some promise.  The cheese curds are great but best with regular ranch.
Poor ass service. Food is sub par. Won't be coming back. Girls trying to be pretty... Please!
This place is a real hidden gem! Everything on the menu is super delicious! The service is amazing!
Great spot for margaritas and a nacho volcano. I love the boats inside and all the TVs
The spicy crawfish is really good, it is authentic Chinese flavor. Strongly recommend
All you can Eat crab legs. yyyuuummmmmmyyy nice size also
Delicious food. Very courteous staff :)...Did I say delicious food?
Really great food and awesome service! I was very impressed. I will definitely go back!
Went in for a sub. Turned away because they "ran out of bread." What a joke of an establishment.
Always exceptional service and competitive prices. It is very clean and always well kept.
New Favorite spot in PHX!! Everything is great
Excellent! Must make multiple selections to really appreciate how awesome the food is.
Lovely lamb shank Great fish Excellent chaplee kabob  Everything amazing
First visit today after moving to this area and was very impressed!
This place is great!  And the server juan was very nice and entertaining....pure quality....
Amazingly good deep dish pizza. A bit on the pricey side but worth every single penny
Great Dentist and staff, always knowledgeable and helpful. Tanya & TJ are very gentle hygienists.
Great service and the hand held caesar salad was amazing. Still thinking about it a day later.
First time was amazing.. Great service and food!
Stopped for a late lunch.  I had the brisket burger....really really good.  Will be back again
Love this AYCE sushi place. Service is friendly and efficient. Food is good. Prices are very fair.
Such a great deal for a take out buffet.   The food is delicious & staff is both helpful & nice.
this is an old Hell's Angel bar....it's a perfect dive bar!  Cheap!!
Very tasty. Easy Parking. Hip design. I plan to return many times.
Perfection for a place like this in every bite. We love the staff and kitchen peeps.
Excellent dining experience!  Maria at the bar was attentive and provided great service!
Been going to Kims for years they run a honest great quality in everything. I highly recommend! !!
Very nice massage...really helped my shoulder...all for 50 bucks....cannot beat it.....
Love this place. Sharon is amazing. She is great with hair coloring. I won't go anywhere else.
Monday 1/2 price bottle wine, very good selection.  For me the best place in this area on a Monday
My wrap was good. Turkey and Provolone. It hit the spot.
Great hand stretched noodles and huge portions.  Every dish that we have tried is excellent.
Have been coming here for many years, NEVER disappointed! Recommend the DIMSUM....BEST IN TOWN!
Six Word Review: "Caused heart attack. Was worth it."
Best pozole and menudo we ever had! Had to order some more menudo to-go to take back home.
Cute motif centered around healthy oils and vinegars. Great coffee and delectable deserts.
New location. Great atmosphere, food and music.   A big shout out to Syed who gave us great service!
Friendly service. This place is great. There food is always fresh and cooked in a timely manner.
Vivian is very good, friendly and professional. Love going to this salon.
Low marks because of its location, quite depressing but other than that it is ok.
Awesome food and service, very friendly staff,well worth spending money in this place... :-) :-) :-)
as always, excellent service with excellent food! date night with "canvas & coppola"!
Service is poor. Food is pathetic. A very small portion of pasta charged me for 20 dollars.
The sauce is delicious! The food was cooked on the spot fresh! Lastly the price is affordable
Food is poor and the service is somehow worse. Th atmosphere is nice but that's about the only plus.
Awesome subs and always quick, friendly service!  Super bummed they are closed on Sundays!
Faire attention aliment pas frais trois personne de malade cette nuit apr s avoir manger la pizza
Absolute best in downtown if your looking for healthy food on the run. Great salads and sandwiches
What an incredible experience!! Cute decor and attentive staff.  My new go to place for sure!!
The had the best annual parties. the best one was the prom at rom . I wish they still did this!
Food okay fit the bill for the kids they had a great time playing the games.
Great tasting food. Quick service. Nice atmosphere. It's my new favorite breakfast spot.
This is a new cute shop at DC Ranch Market Street... great selection.
Crapola all teenagers screwed my order up it was a bread bowl. The soup goes in the bowl.
Pub food, but a unique take on pub food. Yummy spicey Bloody Mary!
Great food awesome service.  I come to Vegas every year and eat hear at least once while in town.
Everything is ok
Great burger for an airport locations.
cute, good service, nice patio, bring lots of money
Horrible they don't take bills over 20.00 and the total way 24.00 ... Wtf bullshit terrible service
Love the pizza and friendly service here. A great neighborhood pizzeria and easy takeout
It's Pho. Nothing special but I really wished the chefs don't spit when they're in the kitchen.
Kenny's Gournet Burgers is awesome!  Delicious food, great ambiance and nice looking servers.
this is the only place I have found that has really  good Italian sausage. I'm here again for it.
Quick and simple. Dustin's a friendly guy and will have you on your way in no time.
Long line-up but worth the wait! Lots of flavours to choose from.
Not too bad- the place was packed, music was jamming and everyone was having a good time.
Great food, got the tres tacos (shrimp).  Good food, a tad bit expensive.
This park is great. It's always clean and has a great lake for fishing and feeding ducks.
Best coffee. Best atmosphere! Try the snickerdoodle latte!!! Music in weekends is great as well!
Catherine is phenomenal!!  Best massage ever from relaxing Swedish to therapeutic Deep Tissue.
Freddy's has the best burgers in town! And the French fries are always fresh and done perfectly!
YUM, YUM, YUM and great service...oh and did I mention it was YUM?
So much fun playing paper Bingo!! very relaxing and go whenever we can !!
Food was amazing! Anything with the wide noodles is awesome and the mango Martini was great!
For a burger place, I'm impressed.  The line and coconut drink, superb...  Very happy
What can I say, I just love the quality at Wendy's and always have a great experience.
J The barber smooth dude took his time did a great job and has earned my business and many others
nice fast service to bad they don't have tables outside we crash next door the sport n hotdog place.
Nothing really special about this place, not what all the other reviews would lead you to believe
Very good Chinese food. Handmade dumpling and noodles.  I like them very much!
Really great cheese curds, and more beer than you can shake a stick at!
Live music, good food, great location. I'll definitely be coming back!
First time at Sicilian Butcher and I will definitely be back. Amazing meatballs and pasta!
The coaches are motivating, knowledgeable, and effective! I highly recommend this type of work out!
used to go here while attending asu. it was a quick service with okay food.
Had my hair colored and Highlights with Cat. She did an amazing job and I am very picky.
Bon resto...pour ceux qui aiment la bouffe libanaise un peu plus raffin  que chez Amir...
Yes yes yes.  Good service and great food. The burgers are awesome.   Fries fantastic!!!
Fresh and yummy.  I nice change from Pho
Very nice place! Clean up and the best service in Vegas  Little bit expensive but worth every cent
Wow, this place takes first place in Chinese food in North Scottsdale... the food is great.
I love their wine, cheese and bruschetta.  I hate their lineups.
This is a must stop for dive bar fans. You can smoke inside. Pool tables and shady yet happy crowds.
Restaurant serves the traditional HK breakfasts up till 11am. Note that it is cash only as well.
Delicious home made food.  Great lunch combos only 6.49 with a drink.  Come here twice a week
Called in for a cab at 12pm and got a call from the taxi man saying he's there... 3 HOURS LATER
Epic fail! horrible food. The beer was the only thing worth while.
Rude baristas. Unhygienic store.
Fast service, I love their lychee chillers! Go to bubble tea place when I visit my friends downtown
Breakfast is fast.  Lunch depends on line.  Not a lot of seating as it shares space with a bar.
The food tastes alright. The portion is rather large. The price is very reasonable.The line is long.
Super bomb but wanted one of these awesome burgers after 9pm! Gotta stay open later, you're on mill!
Extremely ghetto and overflowing with hood rats. Go to Target across the street if you can.
Very nice service for a packed airport sports bar. The hockey was nice too.
Awful experience. Slow, lazy,  rude staff- definitely never coming back to this location again.
Fantastic food .. Super huge portions well done keep it up great service and my kids love the place
One scary street! Don't drive down it unless you want to wreck your car!
Absolutely great food and great size dishes.  Always surprised it isn't busier.  Hidden gem!
Wow what a great meal and wonderful service. Came once had to come back the next day.
Ham and Swiss was good ..bread was fresh..expectation of a basic quick sandwich was met.
Good food & good service . Try the Cherry Lemon Sundrop.The onion rings are the best!
Craziness, but it's Christmas!!!  Great mall with store selection for whatever your liking!
hands down the best onion rings inna ghetto.   the fish'n cheeps is good and the owner is awesome.
Very Professional, nice facilities. I'm excited to get started on my TMJ treatment.
Extremely well prepared asian cuisine. Neither greasy or too spicy. Will eat there again!
Enjoy the praise and worship. The pastor always has a good message.
Food is average ! We ordered fried chicken and the forgot to season with salt... no taste at all....
I always get the Creamsicle.  It is delicious, aside from the stringy pineapple =T
Fantastic AYCE, been here many times since moving to vegas. My favorite sushi place by far.
Oh Yeah! Knocking it out of the park. Good food great atmosphere. We are definitely going back!
An okay place!  The shakes were yummy!  My salad lacked taste!
The staff is super friendly, especially Kail. Very helpful and the service is quick and accurate.
Great staff and trendy cuts. Attention to detail and pride in work.
I love Monroe Nissan!  Their service department is very friendly and takes great care of my vehicle.
Simple awesome sandwiches. A wide variety of sandwiches. Priced fair and good a size.
I've only been here twice but have never walked away unsatisfied with my hair! I highly recommend!
A good landscaping service with really good customer service!  I recommend them!
Delicious fresh and flavour packed food, friendly staff and a pleasant atmosphere. Love this place.
Tasty and filling delicious subs both of my girls ate every bit of their kid meal sub :)
Just o.k. to me. The two best things about it are 1) The view, and 2) the french fries.
Come here to catch a playoff basketball game,great servers and the wings wow! Will be back for more.
i tried the lobster omelete, it was pretty good, fresh ingredients, clean restaurant
Best neopolitan pizza in the east valley. Mary Margherita is a must try!
Food was great. Friendly staff. Dinning area could have been quieter, or had background music.
Our first experience at Another Broken Egg. Great service and the breakfast was amazing.
DIRTY Resturant!  OLD food!  Everyone who ate here got sick under 30 min after eating!
Stay away!!!!!! The waiters/waitresses hate you and your hapiness.
So smokey in there.. Cheap cigar smokers. Now I have a sinus infection. :(  my only complaint.
This place is a dump.  And the owner is a clown. Zero going for it.  Stay away!!!
I walked through the door of this establishment and was promptly buttf***ed Good salad though.
Extremely good coffee, pastries, and dessert options. Great location for people watching.
We were a large party and Terry took EXCELLENT care of us! Terry was awesome! Thanks, Ter-Bear!
The ESCARGOT is amazinnnnnnnnng!!!!! Enough said.
By far the best tofu in town.
worst coffee ever.  horrible. . I told them coffee taste really bad but seems they don't care.
Was there last night for my Dad's birthday. Great food and large portions
Service was great as well as the food! Definitely recommend this place! Try the house fried rice!
Great service, great food!!!!  Dishes are amazing and you will definitely have leftovers
Good food . Straight forward. Pancakes could be better if you separate egg from yolk.
Great place to eat great customer service. Tori is the best go see her.  It's my new place
Dont miss the peppercorn steak . The peppercorns has slighted taste. It was an Amazing steak
Food is soso. Service is not good. Very pricy $260 for 4. Not worth it.  I would not recommend.
Highly recommend Firehouse Moving Co. as they did an amazing job for me.
Everything you'd expect from an LGO restaurant. Did not dissapoint. Fresh and we'll executed.
Great place to get good meat. Shop sales and get a great dinner for everyone!
Great, fast service and very good hot sandwiches. Highly recommend. Very good value.
Tom and the guys wrapped up a job for me this week. The backyard looks great! Thanks Tom
Delicious and cheap !  They cookies are soft and taste fresh also. I recommend if you're in the area
Tried their chorizo and pork tacos. Just average. I've had better ones in Madison. Not going back
I was in HEAVEN! Loved everything I put on my plate! Wish they had more dessert selections
Not fancy, good good quickly. Great value. Good service. Good Waffle House experience.
Looking for good, quick Vegan/Vegetarian options? Look no further.
Great seats.  Great experience. Renovation successful. Also gave senior discount. Affordable.
Great place for Cajun food.  Raw oysters are yummy as well as their gumbo!
Always go here with my coworkers. I like the amount of food and prices. Very fresh every time!
Always a good time a Cactus Jacks! The veggie tacos are the best, as are the whiskey sours!
Best Jimmy Johns in the valley! Friendly staff, delicious and fast subs. I will return!
Great beer selection and foosball! Go fight win
fantastic! been there 4 times since they opened. beer AND food AND staff are terrific! go go go
Great food and service. The Chicken Korma is my personal favorite with a side of Naan.
Great produce and specialty breads. Pricey so I stop in once a week for specific items.
They're a bit pricy but the drinks were really good. I had the iced tea and a vanilla late.
My lobster salad sandwich was awesome....  Would definitely dine here again...
Tasty sandwiches, salads( Cobb salad, Yum!)and burgers. Good selection of wines at good prices.
Love this place. Great wine selection. You must have the bruschetta if you've never been.
The food and atmosphere were AMAZING.  Perfect for a weekend (or any day) breakfast/brunch.
Definitely the best Indian restaurant in Madison
Love this store, it gets crowded but still worth it because it is the biggest around.
Awesome every time.  Just get in line and get a sammich.  Trust me..
Cool Ipub in dtown. All the regular beers on draft. Decent bar food, large place
Nice employees!  They smoothed out my complimentary Big Gulp coupon issue fast.
This place is great! Fast fresh sushi burrito made to order. Delicious! I'll definitely return.
Great staff, great food and the best bubble tea in the Queen city!
Great place to get small stuff done. Really busy on Mondays and Fridays.
Free muffins! Good works complete and this habla diable tastes yummy to give some slight heat.
Love this place! portions are big enough for sharing!! great for the price.
Magnolia very kindly allowed me to replace the expired product with new, expiring-in-2010 product.
Poppy seed bagel, 0.75 each. Smells so good!!!! Soft and yummy : ) I love this area!!!!!!!
Best chicken burritos and rice. The service is fast and parking is easy to get in out of.
Went with a large party, food was good and the service was good too!  Very fun and entertaining!
Great for casual/business dinners, must buy the charcuterie platter.
Great selection of food definitely worth the price! It can get very busy so get there early!
The food are amazing especially the karage chicken and ramen! Quick fast food and really friendly!
Great apps, very spicy (a good thing) and wonderful service. Will definitely be back again.
Jon, Tess, Charlie, Erin, Kathleen and whole gang are the best!!!
It's good but not memorable.  I usually go because it's convenient.
Great food and service! Love the flautas and Tortas! The agua de hochata is really good too!
Incredible restaurant! Great service and really amazing food. My favorite restaurant in Vegas!
Beautiful gym with the best equipment, motivating and inspiring. I definitely  recommend this gym.
This place is awesome. I absolutely love the vibe and the drinks are made to perfection.
yum food is good pb an j burger addicting lil costly but yum
This is the worst place to eat. All of the food was nasty. Never, ever, ever, again!!!
Fast and good - just make sure you know how the pricing works per square foot in advance
Just a horrible experience with this horrible company. Never flying this airline again.
Bottom of the barrel. I would not even eat here if the KGB escorted me here by gunpoint.
Great food and friendly staff. Food was excellent! Can't go wrong with "moms sausage and peppers".
A nice clean and comfortable bar in the E Terminal that provides a decent drink and food of choice.
I went here on a date and it was really good. Affordable, tasty, and many vegetarian options.
Still the best buffet in Vegas. The place looks modern and the food is consistently good.
Good is made to order delicious and the prices are on the cheaper side compared to most Hawaiian BBQ
nice rooms clean and bright with reasonable rates
Chef Nat is amazing, and her food combinations are new and delicious! I love this place!
Went there on New Years day the soups have great taste.
Nice ambiance for casual food. Two of us split a burger and nachos and it was very filling.
OUT OF MARGARITAS  ... This should not happen in the middle of the day.
The LOUDEST restaurant in the Bellagio! If you want to hear your date or spouse do NOT eat here!
Affogato with salted Carmel and the custom sundae were amazing! Excellent customer service.
It's streets of New York. It's good, not bad,  not great.   Does this help? Lol
Food is solid, portion sizes are not.  Pretty small sizes for the price
Tiramisu was amazing . One of the best I've had so far :) seafood pasta also on point !
Meh. Mediocre, expensive food and rude staff. If I ever return, it'll be for beers only.
Best Coffee and Donuts.  It's Dunkin' not much else to say.
Hawaiian pork tacos were really tasty!  Prompt courteous service. Good atmosphere.
Love this place. The food is sooooo good.  My only complaint, it needs more menu items!
The poke bowl was fantastic! A lot of food given the price. A real new gem in Pittsburgh!!!
Tonight I tried the quesadilla de maiz with chicken. It was so good! It is my new go to.
Thoroughly love this place! Friendly and informative staff. Juices are always fresh and delicious.
This time South Indian for a change and it was extremely tasty. Chutneys and sambar were delicious.
Not bad for the area. Service is hit or miss, but is always good if the owner is there.
Great food, generous portions. Waiter (Eli) provided excellent service! Definitely recommend.
Crappy ass mall looks like it ghetto inside not many stores are left it like a ghost town inside it
One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Tempe. I love- you guessed it- the Thai Basil! :)
Great business.  Great owner.   Highly satisfied with the outcome.  Thanks again!
Great place for any meal. Especially brunch! Amazing food, great drinks, and awesome location!
Hip Lounge with dj service and  kitchen.
Typical breakfast place and food.  Not many non-chain choices in the area so this one is a good stop
Love that they accept debit cards! Friendly staff and easy to find your products you need easily.
Terrible service, the owner nickel and dimes you on everything. Even charges more for a "to go" cup.
Missed Dang Dee, but Olays did not disappoint. Food is very authentic, for now a keeper for lunch.
Nice little place. Hard to find but we'll worth it. Fresh cut fries and great burgers.
Friendly staff and good food, definitely recommend. None spicy pad Thai resulted in only 4 stars
I love this place.  Great service and food.  The salsa was ok.  Best Garcias ive ever been too.
Blonde manager should not be employed here. Observed her yelling at staff and customer.
Extremely rude, snooty, and condescending owner/salesperson and everything is way too overpriced!
They deserve no stars because they suck, rip people off and the problems always "the transmission"
Nothing outstanding to report. Seemed to be the same as most other Applebee's around town.
Excellent Indian Food and wonderful staff.  Second time here and they recognized me! Impressive.
Wait for a table at 3pm. Very expensive lunch with a glass of wine and cheesecake.
Great place for Happy Hour! Fabulous Mexico Mule and Chorizo Queso! And their Salsa is great!
Found you today!  Outstanding, it's about time we had a good bagel in central phoenix.
Accommodating staff with great bar snacks and a great atmosphere. Good for larger parties
The stadium is fantastic. I took off a star for the terrible parking and single exit.
Very thorough exam, quick, professional, and friendly.  Great experience from start to finish.
Good food. Good service. Decent prices. Small and cozy place. Will definitely go again.
Linday is awesome and always willing to exchange or grab something I forgot or couldn't find.
Bagels in New York Are supposed to be the best. Wrong!  Frenchies makes 'em.
Aextreamly fun place to go bring friends your date and everybody what a great experience
My boyfriend and I were expecting more of a haunted house theme. It was not fun.
Nice giant eagle.  Has everything I'm looking for in a grocery store.
The pizza downstairs was way better. Very greasy and not worth the price that I paid. (3/6/12)
Can't  wait you all come back. Great teas coffee   n food was there sat before Flood   will be back
Horrible customer service! I will not return! If I could give this place zero stars, I would!
The gelato and toppings were amazing but the scoops are really small for the price you pay.
Just came in. Sooooooo Gooooooooood A1 and not dealing with uncle tetsu line up
Too expensive, bad service and did not like their menu! But the food is delicious but never again!
Something for every time of day. Healthy and delicious choice for every dietary need.
Pan roast combo. A new must when in Vegas. Blown away by taste. Ask for extra garlic. WOW!
Only had the happy hour tequila and a carne asana street taco! Both were yummy total 9 bucks!
I really like this bowling alley. Friendly staff, decent food and affordable bowling.
Good service  Chill vibes A couple of TVs Fairly priced Board games Comfortable couches
Went back for a second time. Impressed again. They do a great job and the dogs enjoy going.
The garlic eggplant dish was sublime. And plentiful. The Spicy Wontons were even better!
Kids love it  Good burgers and shakes Staff is super nice and they cater to kids
Close by and gas is affordable than the cross street chevron. It convenient its close by
Sushi was decent. Nothing to get crazy about.  Service was ok. I had to ask for wasabi and ginger.
I had the Imam Fainted entree for dinner.  That and the lentil soup were very tasty.
took my mom for her birthday, we had so much fun, the cast is so friendly and great
Don't even waste your time at the sketchy ass mall.
A little surprised by the negatives on Yelp.  It's a solid 4 star.  Great for a lunch or brunch.
Une vari t  de succulentes poutines! J'adore celle avec des merguez! Miam!
Amazing food!  Devoured half my ceviche tostada before my daughter even got her food.
Best coffee and best service of any coffee shop!   Always so friendly.  I come here almost daily.
Ok It is people who make is best. Thank you Abu Shady for ur great hostility.  Husain from UAE
It's such a treat to have vegan breakfast!  Great people and yummy food. The Nom Nom burrito is fab!
One great Caf  Mocha.  Clean facility and fast service. Great surprise in such a large town.  :)
North is my favorite spot for a relaxed dinner. Make sure to try the Julietta!
Great inexpensive grocery food. The best in all of Downtown
Good food, good service. Danny's also is a huge supporter of every local school event.
excelent all ways, i love this place fresh sushi all way
Good selection of beer I hadn't tried.  $5 pints (Wednesday).  What more is there to say?
This is a good NLV spot! Friendly staff and dinner was on point. I'll be going here again for sure!
Loved it! GREAT Happy Hour! 6 apps/3 drinks/ only $47!
Love the gobi Manchurian , Singapore rice noodles. Worth the cost! Must try . Recommended..
My new favorite sushi in akron area. Sashimi and gyoza was surprisingly good and super fresh.
Sandwiches are pretty average.  Chicken Paprikash is pretty good.
Best pie in town.   What else needs to be said??
Horrible, absolutely one of the worst places we've eaten at. No matter, it has now closed down.
Second car taken into Shane's. Excellent job and they are very professional. Keep up the great work.
is this place still in business? as I called today and got disconnected recording?
I had an amazing time today at Dino's. Kristen is very patient and has a lot of talent!
Excellent breakfast menu, they just need to hire more staff to have a better service.
average food, for the price i was really expecting better quality.
Painfully slow pumps.  Dirty store.
Sansone is doing a lot of work trying to rebuild mall. I can't wait to see the finished product.
Greta service. Rooms. Staff. And of course the drinking and concert venues.
Everyone was very helpful and courteous. They assisted me in all my needs. Great location.
Great store, clothing is fantastic and and sales team treats you with respect.
I'm so happy this place closed down.. This was the nastiest food I ever ate.. Period.. Hands down..
I just found out that Green Eggplant closed! This is truly a sad day.
Craig is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. They do great work and very reasonably priced!
Best Sandwiches ever!!! You will love it....
Look like it was rebranded or has new owner Croissant,  same as St Laurent (Prince Arthur)
1st time in.  We tried many things.  All were good.  I recommend the red chicken taco or burrito.
Great place for lunch on a pretty afternoon.  Excellent service and food.  Love it! :-)
Dishes were excellent.  Small place and close to our downtown hotel.
Always seems to be an utter lack of urgency to move things along to get people on their way.
Love this place for breakfast. Great pain au chocolat and great coffee.  Going back tomorrow.
I like them here! They aren't extremely inviting when you come but that's ok! They get the job done
Pretty good. Becareful, they will try very hard to upsell you big time, esp with water!
The flavors are excellent, the portions large, prices fair, and service was superb. We will be back.
I grow up in Asia and this is the only Japanese place I eat at. Good food. Good service.
Omg the the messed up my order and when I asked them to fix it they got an attitude smfh!!
one of the BEST MEALS i've had was here! mussels.. steak frites... chocolate pudding... TO DIE FOR!
Cool local sushi joint, shows paper view for free.  Must try the all you can eat, well worth it.
Food and service was excellent. The specials were a good value and we're plentiful.
Donna did an excellent job on my eyebrows. Definitely will recommend to my friends in the area
The best place to buy a vita spa the sales people are very knowledgeable and helpful.
The place has closed permanently. So sad. Looks like it'll be replaced with a burger shop.
Amazing pastries and fantastic cream filling.  The eclairs and tiramisu are my favorites!
The smoked butterscotch latte is much more tastier than the seasonal drink I ordered last time!
Just heard from Joan at the library that they now will be open on Mondays. Great news!
Nice fantastic excellent, best in Ontario, cool people , love it and recommend to others ,
Consistently awesome. Best burger and fries in Gilbert.
Excellent place. We had filet's done to perfection. Laid back cozy place. Great food!
Mafia Style Restaurant - delicious meals
Great pizza, wine , and service! I made my own pizza which is the best way!
Great selection, friendly staff, highly recommend for those looking to improve their health.
The food is delicious and service is fast! Recommend getting the half and half when you are here.
Saved my day, diamond in a semi rough area? Connected to a bar with some video games, cool hang
Our waitress was great and so was the food. We will definitely come back when in town.
Love the gym Staff is awesome , classes are the best  so many choices and times to choose from
Great food and super staff.  Really excited to get back here and explore more food options
Food is excellent, service is supper friendly, the lady makes me feel like home:)
Lots of food variety to chose from. One of the best buffets I have tried.
At 3am, it's a great place to unwind and fill your stomach with diner food before heading home.
I love this place, but today, I got a to-go order and my soup was only 2/3 filled. Not happy.
I'm not long winded so I'll just say....... GREAT FOOD, GREAT STAFF, GREAT LOCATION. I'm a fan!!!!
Solid burgers. Try 'em with fried jalapenos. Also try the orange creamsicle milkshake. mmm
Love going to the vitamin shoppe!!! The staff is always very welcoming, friendly, and knowledgeable.
Had the wings and pulled pork sandwich-both were very good!  Homemade quick pickles were yummy!
Definitely not a dine in restaurant no fountain drinks no ice water was warm and the food was a 4
Best guitar shop in vegas! Cool venue for music!
Very nice restaurant. Good food, nice atmosphere.
Mid wife is the only reason changed my review to 4 stars from 1.
Thanks once again Yelp AND the establishment for not removing this place due to closure (4/6/15).
So yummy! loved the corn fritters and the beef brisket. and the decor is cosy.
Generous ingredients really nice crust. Great pizza!
First time here and it is fantastic . Can't beat eggs & tacos.. great combination.  Will be back.
After less than a week, the redone glass chip repair started peeling AGAIN. Lesson learned.
Best place for color hands down! I never leave disappointed. Karla is my favorite for sure!
I love this place I got a full set with ombre and chrome accents and they turned out so beautiful
We love Hobak since they opened! We never had meat with cheese fondue but now we really love it!
Music is terrible. They need more up to date music. That way it feels Better to chill
Good. Quick. Convenient. Open late.
Love it here! Supercross, concerts, football, monster trucks, what more can you ask for??
Best place after work! Awesome 2 for 1 between 5pm and 8pm with free homemade crisps!
Would give ZERO stars if I could. Long live Uber & Lyft!!! Hope you go out of business.
Say what! 50-75% off store brand clothes every day?  That's all i can say. ;)
Absolutely horrible....rude waitress, glasses were dirty, and the food was very plain.
I'm a fan!  Good pancakes and good egg dishes.  No real complaints...would return
Worst tropical smoothie ever! Don't ever go through the drive through you will waste your time!
Panda Express is god compared to this place. Grossssssssssss
The food was amazing but there mexican old school music was beyond amazing. A must try music
Food is just average and a bit over priced.  Not up to the Fox standards I have come to expect.
Great breakfast buffet. Best made to order omlets in the area. Dinner buffet was very good too.
Food was fresh and resonabley priced never had greek food before but would definitely try again.
Pleasant atmosphere and excellent hard working staff ! Best food I have had all year .
They have Non-dairy options! Awesome atmosphere and nice people, I want to go there more.
We live in Colorado but visit Oink every trip to Phoenix!!!! Their bacon (all flavors) is the bomb!
This place is awesome! I love the carne de asada tacos and the agua de horchata, they are delicious!
flavor wasn't the best and it took 1hr 45 min for my food to be delivered
Very fresh product. Clear enviroment. Nice service. Recommend shrimp exellent experience.
Excellent care and the doctors take the time to review everything for your pet. Very nice staff.
Our favorite restaurant, we go every chance we get. The food is amazing and the staff is delightful!
By far the best omakase I've ever had. Period!! The Uni was so fresh I could see the spikes moving.
Great wine selection and butcher! The Duck fat fries will change your life.
Good and very well seasoned. This is ravioli in a white cream sauce topped with chicken
The food is amazziinngggg! kind of pricey but not too bad for french food
Lots of fun, helpful staff. Wish there were more t-shirts with other color options.
This place is amazing!! Great subs. New location. Yum.
Good food. Fair price. But tomato sauce tasted a little weird. Owned by Chinese.
Almost 2 hours to check in?!? I don't care if you're GIVING AWAY rooms, that's just ludicrous.
my go-to midnight snack craving place. Also offera a good selection of bakeries
My main stay for 2015 the staff up to the bartenders make you feel like you're not bothering them.
Was awesome tonight! Great vibe, fun music and the food truck...bearded chef was so so good!
Great breakfast, atmosphere and friendly staff. Very clean. Good for the whole family. 2 thumbs up!
Their hash browns aren't deep fried after all :D Wooohoooo !
Service is great the shrimp tacos are delicious super nice folks and the food is real!!!
Super nice, friendly and accommodating baristas! Great vibe and delicious coffee and bagels!
Best burgers in Vegas, Love it. as good as it gets.
Fun spot to hang out for homework, chill out with friends, and have a small bite or drink.
The best chicken or beef black bean sauce dish around. cheap prices, too.
Breakfast at 7am . Rubber eggs, cold potatoes, cold unbuttered toast, average coffee, poor service.
Great food! Great service! Authentic Louisiana Faire
Loved how spacious this location was, stayed here for hours and weren't rushed to leave.
Great Fun !!!! Nice People that care !!!  Great Food when they keep it simple...a tad $$$$
Amazing products and great customer service! The manager helped us and he was an excellent salesman.
Very well done breakfast in an aesthetically pleasing place. I felt like I was in Paris.
It's vegetarian and you will get a lot of thing with a good price. I would definitely recommend
Great fries. They are thick and soft on the inside. Chili is good. Not much else to them.
Very great sandwiches esp. Since I'm Italian I'm picky on my meats but I love this deli
This place is nasty, young ass girls and do anything for a dollar ! GETTO!!
Love the Huevos Rancheros! I think the waitress forgot to bring our complimentary cornbread though.
Best sushi in town! Always fresh and great customer service:) Asakusa roll is my fave!
Very good! Great service great atmosphere, definitely recommend!!!!!!
Great service and menu selection. When visiting the Mesa area again, will return!
The menu is the best of any Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. The Pea sprouts leaves are delicious.
I went back. The service is horrible. Do not bother waiting unless you want cold food.
Cheap table games and a karaoke bar for when your out drinking. What is there to complain about.
Good food shitty horrible service took a whole hour to get food don't recommend it bad bad bad bad
We had bbq baked Mac and cheese and fish & chips. Good food, great beer. We'll be back. :)
LOVE the Senator, it's a classic, breakfast with beans!
Good mexican fast food, filaberto's doesn't even compare
Good food I like the Fried rice and the chicken wings are very tasty. I recommend going here.
Yeah This is where I come to work out at after work on m-f Nice eye candy here as well Love it
long time Phoenix shoe repair. Has always been very good
Good "burger" and fries.  Fast service. Got to talk to The owner. Great guy. More locations coming!
This is one of the best paan places in GTA. Plus they have vast variety of ice creams too.
Great authentic little sleepy Indian place. Outstanding service and great food.
I had the pineapple curry with shrimp. The food tasted great and the service was fast and friendly.
Fantastic!   Wonderful experience. Knowledgeable waiter, kind and patient.  Must go for tea.
A flippin' great Starbucks in a flippin' great town.  This one's going on my "Best 'Bucks" list!
We had a hurt dog and they got us right in this morning.    Great staff and friendly Dr.
The BEST donuts in town! Big and fluffy! Hurry to get fresh in the morning because they finish fast
Sarah provides the absolute worst customer service. Management needs to have a word with her.
Delicious chips and salsa/guac. The rice and beans are good too. Service was quick and friendly.
Loved it here. The Thai chai is delicious and the spring rolls too. Nice and sweet server.
This place have good sushi and great customer service..I will go back to eat there again
Dr. Chad Hansen was amazingly great!  I highly recommend this office with the best care and staff
Delicious homemade ice cream! Best in Pittsburgh. Hands down.
Great! Great food and Carrie was super. She suggested the Spinach and Pesto Lahvosh Pizza. Perfect!
C'est Starbucks. C'est tout.
Super cute place with delicious honey toast! Nice place open late, perfect for a dessert date.
This is so good for Shabu Shabu!  Delicious!
I like the concept but not my favorite. Friendly staff but kinda slow for a lunch time visit.
The worst ER anywhere The Doctor at the ER was an absolute JERK ! Hope we never cross paths again
The Flamingo juice is really good! Helpful customer service as well. Glad I stopped in here!
Super delicious but cheap food! Owner is such a nice person. I strongly recommend fried chicken!!
Food was good. Probably best for big groups.  Variety is the key to success here.
sp cialit s grillades  Bo 3 M n Banh dap Banh xeo Bun suong
A lil $$ but it seemes all subs shops are getting there.
Very delicious! Like in Thailand - highly recommend for authentic food.
Papa George has gone out of business and is CLOSED.
Delicious grandma style pizza! You won't be disappointed!! I would highly suggest checking it out.
Excellent food, outstanding service. Intriguing drink options. Seafood options are terrific.
Always come here, the service is quick! Went to watch Coco and it was a great experience overall!
Very good selection of mylar balloons.  Very helpful, patient, not pushy or overselling.
Always honest, never upsells or recommends things that you don't need.  Thanks, Bob!
IT was okay.  Cool experience for simple pasta dishes.    I did enjoy the mac and cheese
This diner was a disappointment.  The food was bad and it was too expensive. Not going back.
First time here for me.  Very nice and professional. Clean and cool inside. Highly reccomended.
Nasty calzonetti, undercooked dough and icky burn marks on the dough made for a terrible meal.
I just wish the flights would leave on time!
They helped me save a ton of money. The quality of work was pretty good and was done on time.
BEST BUFFET in Vegas!!! This is the only buffet I know that has the most variety food!!!!
I dine here every visit to Vegas.  The food is consistantly delicious and the staff is awesome.
lame and expensive. You want good food go to Lolas on charleston. Nuff said.
Only place in Chandler that has vegetarian chimichangas!!! Yaaay!! Tasty food and good service!
Service is painfully slow. Took 20 minutes for a glass of water . Food was fair. Not going back.
Fish sandwiches are huge but not very good unless you like your breading falling off.
Our go-to Indian place for dine-in or take-out. Lots of tasty food & attentive staff.
We had the Pad Thai w/ shrimp & chicken; possibly the tastiest thing I ever ate in my life!
Let's make this short and sweet...  Service - very poor Food - average Will I come back? - NO
Love the Philly Cheesesteaks here.  I have had everything on their menu. A bit pricey, but worth it.
Food was ok, but the atmosphere is great! We ate at the counter and the kids loved it!
Fantastic comfort food and really friendly staff. The sandwiches are all very good.
Great food try to get there several times a month.  Today the navaho taco was 1/2 the usual size
True brazilian style bbq! Best steak is called picanha and must try their caipirinha (cocktail).
The bison burger and sweet potato fries were great, and the staff was kind and courteous.
The food scare and media doesn't bother me from, wanting to eat here! I love this place!
Good drinks, great service.  Will has been very attentive. I recommend this place to anyone.
Dustin is a fantastic server & sommelier. Love the food & environment. We will be back!
Best haircut in town! Flat Top specialist. Massage and all!
So glad I checked their website - they are closed till Aug 30 !  Can't wait to visit
The Diablo burger was awesome and the chocolate beer is excellent. Wife had the shrimp tacos.
Great burgers great prices and wouldn't mind com by here again next weekend highly recommend
El menudo mas delicioso en Vegas  Excellent service and great food. Menudo my favorite
Great "all-you-can-eat" deal! Food is very good with friendly staff. Highly recommend!
Best place for poutine experience. Lineup outside at 3am on Saturday nights :-).
Place is so great!! Very inexpensive and a cool place to hang out! Perfect treat after dinner.
Best mexican restaurant in town by far
This is not your typical Costco.  Wait a minute...yes it is.   Carry on...
The Mixology bar is a must.
Bad customer service!!! The owner is TOXIC!........SAD!
Coffee is ok but paying premium prices for costco grade pastries really burns. Yuck Wont go back.
Excellent customer service! Accomodating! Friendly! Great prices!
Excellent service and food at a very inexpensive cost. Highly recommend this location.
Spectacular service. I love how polite they are! Manners are on point. Busy in and out.
Excellent service! Orlando was friendly, attentive and efficient! I will definitely be returning!
I loved the Mexican Shrimp. Service was good.  Will come again.
Awesome service, awesome food...just like homemade! Will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas!
Don't be fooled by the Circus Circus Hotel. This restaurant is delicious and has a cool vibe.
Finally a good coffee place around Ahwatukee.  Ambience is pretty good to hangout as well.
Brew milk tea was so good. My friend got boba in her drink. It was soft, warm and chewy perfect boba
Had a great time. Really makes you think and challenges you. Well worth the time and money.
Pretty good teppenyaki.  The show is fun and worth a visit.
Good Mexican food.  Better than anything else around but menu doesn't offer much of a variety
Great atmosphere, usually busy, might have to wait for a table but good food and cozy environment.
Eric did a great job capturing 4 kids under 8.  Not an easy task.  Very professional.
Wow great food.  Long line and wait but worth it....
Generous lunch portions that came with soup and an egg roll. Pad Thai was delicious. Good service
So fast and efficient! Got me out in 30 mins. I needed a new DL and had to transfer a title.
Had  the burrata and the earl?! Both are big hits in my book!!! Fresh and delicious !!!
Love the unique menu  Great fun atmosphere  Tiki drinks are bomb Go for lunch also it's less crowded
Went in December of 2009- wonderful experience.
THE BISCUITS AND JELLY.  The only suggestion is to put on some light music on....
Try to seat outside. Can't go wrong with sushi and the fountain show.  Food is average to be honest.
Excellent service and attention to detail to go along with great food and a cozy ambiance.
Teresa is the best!! I drive all the way from the east side just to get my nails done with her!!
This place has delicious food.  Eat here for an upscale Mexican fix.  Yum!
Come here for the chocolate eclair.
Amazing food! Can't stop talking about it!! Will definitely go back next time we're in Las Vegas.
Belle ambiance! J'ai ador  la nourriture. Il ne faut pas se fier aux commentaires, super exp rience!
Love it!! Super fun flavors that look awesome with fantastic customer service! Will def be back!
music was on point. Notorious BIG woulda been proud
Great casual restaurant with excellent pub food & drinks. The fried chicken special is to die for!
Milo was taking care of us while we watched the Cardinals game and was amazing! Food was great.
Great food, excellent service will return again soon.
Dee-lish-uss. Eat it- eat it a lot. It's so good.
Really great sushi, great service. The place is a total hole in the wall but worth the wait.
Good was subpar. Had a wide variety of food options; however, none of the food was actually good.
Had a super time at Postino, great selection of wines!  Good food and nice environment.
The stadium was beautiful! the parking was not organized very well and was 20.00 pretty pricey.
Good espresso.  Wifi, space, people, water, music, vegan muffins.
Excellent food for the money. Hard to beat the chicken tacos and burros.
Lasagna pizza? Wow, tastes just like lasagna. Highly recommended! Only on lunch slices menu though.
Best combination rice ever!! I always order it when I eat here and that's what keeps me coming back
Food was awesome Mac n cheese was creamy and yams were sweet. Chicken well cooked and crispy.
If old toys are your thing this is your place to visit in Phoenix. Absolutely no competition.
Awesome cozy place in Las Vegas! So delicious and funny team! Return next time just this place!
I go out of my way to go to QT for any gas station need....
Very professional, very easy to deal with. But, best of all, the carpenter bees are gone!
Food was ok but got food poisoning and ruined my trip. I would be very weary of the seafood.
A secret gem off the path. Delicious and quite reasonably priced.
Very good service. I paid $35 for mani+pedi in cash. If you pay by credit card they charge 35+tax.
Terrible service. Food was okay but not worth the 2-3 hours wasted. Would have tried anywhere else.
Decent place for lunch.  Lively environment. Friendly, professional staff.
Internet does not work, food needs help.  The only good thing is the cheap drinks!!  Good not great!
So yummy 50 or more Brunch and lunch options...Best buffet on the strip
Philly steak sandwiches are sooo good! Customer service top notch! Will be back over and over!
You can come here for happy hour drinks but do not under any circumstances eat dinner here.
Kitchen demo tomorrow from 5-7pm! Free wine blind tasting, food, and a great time! Awesome!
Luv this place. They give a salad that has a light dressing. The food tastes amazing. Quick service
Favourite restaurant of all time. By far. Even vegetarians would love this place, great salad bar.
Love this place it never fails!! Eggs Benedict on point! And the spud potatoes are so good!
Very good boba tea and some of the freshest and best macaroons ever!
A very nice way to relax and enjoy until flight time. Great staff and amenities.
The doctor himself is rather "blah."  It's the office staff that makes this place so awful.
very nice restaurant.. we were a group of 10.. good food.. good drinks.. decent prices.
This place is great! Amazing service. Great Hotdogs.
so good
If you like any song from tony hawks pro skater then come during karaoke night fo sho #bammargera
It is SOOOOOOO good I've seen it TWICE!!! I can't wait to see it a third time!
My stomach is very happy right now. Love the coconut chicken soup included in the buffet!
The steakhouse sucks and the service is horrible.I have never met a more rude hostess in my life!!!
Stopped in for a 3x3 and it was well worth the wait. As an east coaster, this is always a treat.
Much needed attraction for kids in the Las Vegas area. Very interactive. So much fun.
You can't find any better authentic Mexican food in mesa and the service is superb and friendly
From 168 to shushi shushi, now this is my new spot for shushi buffet can't go wrong with this place.
The main that I ordered was a glorified appetizer.They service was pretty awful. Eat beforehand
pool here is nice, went to a great pool party, got suntanned and took the metro = perfect day!
Ok drinks. I would say it is more geared to small groups than large groups or individuals.
Always good food and good enough service. They have good lunch deals also
Very nice hotel close to nightlife and sports venues.
Small local restaurant, but cheap price, good food, and lovely owner sing a song for you.
Ambiance is awesome! Loud music and a nice crowd; however the food is OK, and so is the service.
Who doesn't love bubble tea!
Great food and drinks will return, hope this chain takes off even more.
Marriott just gets it. Another 5-star hotel in the chain! Close to everything.
*DJ Khaled voice* Shrimp and chicken burrito here is a major key
Not that great. Good, not great. Looked awesome- and the malt was so rich it was almost inedible!
Always enjoy sushi here.
Lost our order and ended up waiting 30mins till the issue was addressed. Horrible when im hungry af.
Solid Middle Eastern food served fast and hot. Hummus with chicken shwarma rocks the house!
Yum. Simple. Quaint.  Good place to go for a cup and chill or talk to people who are there.
Friendly staff and fresh banana nut loaf! Drive thru is efficient and order was accurate. Thank you!
Great salad selection, cucumber-mint juice is perfect for summer!  Staff is super friendly!!
My favorite grocery store!! Friendly people great selection, and they always have great deals.
Didn't replenish toiletries; did not think it was 4 star rating.
Went here after our disaster at Lo Leo's.  Always good and fresh.  They rotate soups.
Spuds=yum. Banana bread=tasty.  Will be back.
Great food and service.  Amy was our server and was excellent.  Can't say enough good!
We had an amazing dinner, NY strips, salad and mashed potatoes! So delicious, two thumbs up!!
Very good food, had lunch there and it was very yummy. Kids loved the breakfast bagels egg sandwich.
Art Coop was always the very best way to start a new project in art ! SO helpful!!
Excellent service we had Mono and Sia- all you can eat loved the skirt steak sizzling plate.
It is close to St.Clair West station, only a five minute walk west past Bathurst.   -M
Sarah Iwinski is the best! Real salon for those of us that live in Henderson!
Super sympa, simple et tr s bon. Un petit resto   ajouter   votre carnet d'adresse!!!
a little more expensive for the feeling of a a glorified quizno's...but not bad
Ordered some pizza from there tonight. Very, very tasty. And delivery time was quick.
Love Classic Honda, Service is great, People are nice. I buy all my cars there.
Great Pad Thai and Jasmine iced tea.
Wow. Every dish excellent. Salt and pepper squid and wok seared Dover sole were standouts.
A great salon, they always make sure you are taken care of & happy with your service!
Fresh high quality sushi! Not something you would expect from an AYCE place. Food comes fast.
Great service, great price, knowledgable crew! What else can you ask for!!  Will use them again!!!
Best place to eat, drink and hang with friends on the isthmus.  Period.
Good Subway. They are always quick and polite and clean.
Tr s bon fast food avec des ingr dients frais!! Cependant la poutine manque de fromage.
The subs are so delicious. The employees are very nice as well, great customer service.
Quick and friendly! Thanks! Cleaned up my eyebrows nicely. Very clean place
The shrimp korma and garlic naan were amazing! Great service and atmosphere!
Updated rooms, great location, quiet and clean. Loved it!
I just love the ambiance of this cozy coffee shop! And of course their pastries are great!
Good stop on the way from Wilmington to Charlotte area.  Had the lobster grilled cheese.
Excellent show.  Very entertaining and loved the music.  Would highly recommend to others.
Rude, pretentious staff. No washrooms. With so many good coffee joints in the hood, who needs it?
Great place to stay!  So close to MGM for David Copperfield's show.  Nice room and clean carpet.
Finally got my cronut fix! This place is sooo goood! Would definitely recommend this place.
Selbert was excellent. Professional, reasonably priced and so skilled. I highly recommend him!!!
Very misleading. Their after 12am menu is only reserved for those who choose to dine in. BEWARE!!!
Loved the garlic bagels! Service was great! What can I say...I will be going back
Great sushi (its fresh) The dishes are well prepared and have a particular flair to them.
Best gay bar in this little town of Pittsburgh, by far!
Our first visit and we are Sold ! Great food very creative with bold flavors. We will be back soon.
This is a great sandwich place, good selection, and tastes yummy.  Decor fine and prices ok.
Cheap and fast. You can recycle this review for the hookers that hang around the casino bar.
I love their Margherita pizza and service was good too. Definitely gonna come back again
Good Pie!  Sort of sterile vibe, but hey it's Vegas. It was open late enough so ah yea I'm a fan.
The food tastes so bad. It is much easier to find a better one in Markham or Richmond Hill.
Fun new casual street taco joint in the old yolis space. Great tacos fun place. Come check it out
Not sure if I was just hungry or if it was really that good...I'll have to try again.
Wonderful Tiki bar. Very fun atmosphere, great DJ and Asia the waitress was very nice.
I feel lucky that I can found a restaurant like this in Champaign. It tasted good though.
I love the designs and if you have an appointment you won't have to wait! Best pedicures in town.
Consistently good . Frequent customer . Usually pretty quick service and always friendly.
Great local spot.   I used to eat here when it first opened up.    Eaten here a few times since.
Love anywhere by the campus. Wish this place was even bigger. Good wings, good price.
Great local restaurant! Very good food and the service was fantastic. We will be coming here again!
It's a great spot, food was good lots of locals go there. Will recommend for breakfast.
Great service, I had some issues but Travis made it right. Would bring my truck there again .
This place is uses fresh ingredients and stuffs the tacos full of meat. Can't wait to come back!
The chicken cesar pizza was fresh and the crust was soft and crunchy.. Light but feeling.
Simply the best. Saved me over $5,000 in repairs that were not needed.  This is the place to trust.
Cooper was the best !!! Honestly we had the best time! She was so fun and I felt so safe! QUEEN!
Great Food and great atmosphare!
I had the Italian and my friends had the chicken avocado. They were both great sandwiches.
We get takeout Chicken Biryani from here all the time! Their Raita is the absolute best!
Best HK style milk tea!!!
3am sandwich run after playing Craps for hours, perfect! Reuben, mac and cheese -- great options!
If you're gluten free stick to the burger only. I had the fries and there was onion rings mixed in.
Amazing . My favorite I go at least 4 times a week.  Their Thai tea ice cream is to die for.
We love coming here for the ambience.  The food is just "ok."
I have no reason to come to come to this place because my hairdresser is No Longer there:(....
Nothing to write home about.  Great location, wish it was a Pei Wei!  Food is inconsistent.
Typical bar food. Cool atmosphere. My server was very nice. The coke float was really good.
One of my favorite places to go for happy hour, great specials.  Seating is tricky but possible.
Cute Korean place. Good fast service and tasty food. Wife is happy they give egg with her tofu soup.
Amazing as always!  Love this place, quiet and delicious food with wonderful service.
Best cheese crisp in town.  Need tacos soft or hard shell will rock will rock your world
Excellent, fresh food! Had soup, quiche and sweet fresh fruit. Lots of selections on the menu too.
Great little fun place with awesome Atmosphere, great coffee, Danishes, and other real good things!
I love this place. Good buffet, good service, excellent food. Can't say enough good things about it.
The chilean sea bass and sarape de pollo are mexcellent.
Chad did amazing work and was fun to chat with :)
Get the mixed berry waffles. They will change your life.  The place is pretty cool too.
I always love coming here. Great view for people watching, yummy foods, and great service!
Always have a great time at rebar. Love the mac and cheese. Great drink specials. Love sunday funday
Really great authenticate food. Great service,  varied prices but well it. Something for everyone.
Pav Bhaji is excellent. I'm a repeat customer for that alone. Samosas ain't bad. I've had better.
Any theater cheaper than the theaters in Los Angeles, definitely get 1 extra star.
Vegetarian haute living  Try Napoleon of savory tofu with ratatouille and fried eggplant
Not great food was cold 6 dollar tacos with cold cracked tortillas little meat i would not return
LOVE THEM!  best massage chairs in town. They remember your name and do a fabulous job
Solid Italian but overpriced for what it is. It's a pretty stale environment inside as well.
New owners... Mediocre food, terrible service. Never going back.
Best Mexican seafood restaurant in town hands down recommend to all my family and friends
the only authentic italian thing in there, is the word italian in the restaurant name.
This place is so cute and has such great ice cream and patbingsu! I loved the mocha smoothie!
Great burger! Cool small burger joint with great chili and delicious fries! Definitely coming back.
Great location. Great pizza. Try the grapefruit soda... yeah go ahead.
It's not that hard of a job but they make it mission impossible not to mess ur food up.
Found my breakfast place on the weekends.  Great service and food.  Highly recommended!
I love the pizza here. You can not go wrong with fresh ingredient and smart flavour combinations.
Great food, friendly staff, very reasonable prices and helping a cause. One of my best finds!!!
Guy here, Why do you need to have a girl with you to see the male dancers seems crazy
So much better than traditional Dr offices. Student staff is so helpful and professional
Time for another round of excellent steak tacos!
Awesome view!!! Price and short menu, meh. Service was great though.
Really good burgers & salads!!! $5.00 lunch boxes r the deal nice workers here at this location
I avoid this mall.  I hate parking here, and trying to get in and out is always a hassle.
Good location for me but there is a seriously grumpy cashier there. Walk over to Safeway instead.
Best burgers when it comes to fast food. I like the double double with fries and a milkshake.
Virtually no wait. Docs are thorough and professional. Very convenient. I've been here 3 times.
The food is phenomenal,drinks is cheap and the servers are accommodating in short feel at home.
Not happy with this store. Dip my cone to were I can't see the ice cream thru dipping chocolate. Ugh
Spicy ass thai food Not careful of heat level Ends with spicy ass
Pour une cr me glac e hors de l'ordinaire. Combinaison Cha  et feuille de padamus. Divin.
Very quick and BY FAR the best place to ear when you're in the Venetian food court.  #let'srage
Loved the ice cream, the chalkboard tables, and the toppings bar! This place is super awesome.
http://jentalkstoomuch.com/2016/08/portland-variety-insulting-people-one-pregnant-woman-at-a-time/
The service and food here is amazing!!!! Falafel is on point!!!!!! I think I found my new lunch spot
Ok, let's be serious, it is THE place to eat in Montr al ! Great food, ambiance and Fun.
Worst Pharmacy ever!  The staff are incredibly rude.  I am moving my prescriptions!!
traditional, factory, formula, and unfortunate experience . i will not go back.
Staff is friendly when its the ladies serving!!!  Happy hour is awesome. Great selection...
Blood pudding, cod and rib were all awesome! Great service as well.  Highly recommended
By far the best burger I've ever had that's not cooked on my backyard bbq!!!
Yummy New Mexican Food!  Love it! One of our favorite places to eat!  Great Service!!
Not bad for a buffet.  About $8/person for lunch.  Decent variety.
This place was really good.  Had a steak with blue cheese topping and the escargo.
Lovely little place. Service was great! Free delivery to buildings close by.
Great Authentic Mexican food.  The chimichanga with the green chile sauce is a definite must .
Awesome local meat market. Nice selection, incredibly friendly staff & great deals!
Great place, delicious food, the bananas foster crepes were divine! The service was great too!
UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP as of APRIL 2017  This place has really cleaned up and has a better menu.
Great food and sub par service. I felt like I was on a deserted island with no one in sight.
as good as it gets, pure and simple, great service too, at a bufft
Comfortable like an old pair of slippers, and well worth dealing with the Willy street construction.
Update: unfortunately this place closed down. Hard to stay a float I guess.  Pity.
Don't tell my Yia-Yia, but The Great Greek's food is better than hers!
Delicious authentic Thai food. Beware! Spice level 3 is VERY SPICY! Desserts are 'to die for.'
Les poutines sont excellentes!!!!
Worst Espresso EVER. And my steak and egg combo was ICE cold. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Very good pizza & anti-pasta salad, also the service was really good and can't wait go back!
I LOVe the pig coffee they have here. So delicious
Great food,  nice music venue.  Will go again now that i found it. Mushroom burger was yum yum.
Great bar, awesome beer options, food is great and now they are HOME OF THE PHILADELPHIA EAGLES!!
Good Wendy's location, fast friendly service, fresh food.  It's Wendy's, not gourmet food.
Was my favorite for awhile. Switching to Lipton garbage tea was a mistake.  Can't come here anymore.
By far my Favorite place to eat and drink.... They have the best Bartenders and Service!!!!
Slow service but good food.....   dining area is really small
Another good beginners course but might be price out to high for what it's suppose to represent.
I can confirm simple stage concerts at neighbouring Echo Beach sound better!
Excellent! Love their spicy habanero bbq sauce.   Very good smoky tender but not dry meats.
Great food. Live the sliders. But only 3 stalls for women. When it gets busy, it's a nightmare.
Great place!  Friendly staff behind the bar.  Good food, great prices, and great mom & pop style.
one of the best taco shops I've ever come across. anxious to come back and try some more!
The food was delicious. It was quiet and there was plenty of room. The customer service is friendly.
Lovely!!! Amazing dhai battata chaat and delicious dessert!
I love this place! Best place to buy meats and sea food. Always fresh and prices r excellent
Great sandwiches and rootbeer floats..I will return for sure!
Clean place and friendly staff and the bagels are fantastic! The bacon they have is amazing!
Best wood fired authentic Casual Pizza in City! Worth the wait as no reservations on Ossington.
The food here is pretty good and not bad prices, however, the service is terrible.
This location is now open. The month of March they have BOGO on there 99cents loaves on Wednesday's
Excellent friendly service... Fair price for selling or pawning items. Easy process also
Great for a romantic dinner, bring your parents, in laws, birthday
Had a great experience at Airport Infiniti with Adam. He really treated me like friend not customer.
Average, at best. It is another Applebee's or Champps. More chain junk.
Apr s une soir e bien arros e, rien de mieux que de manger une bonne Poutine pour  ponger
Went for dinner on a saturday night. Food came out very quick and hot. The thin crust is so good.
The people are nice i like the food need more organic options
warning. never rent from this company. horrible experience. stay away.
Prosciutto and fig with mascarpone bruschetta...to die for.
Wow! Excellent food, service and nice place. Awesome prices too.
Very affordable and friendly atmosphere. Got a small cone for $2 after tax. Will be back
The Bellagio's seafood buffet is outstanding. Worth the experience.
James did an awsome job he is very talented. Fast worker. I would come back every time I'm in Vegas.
Poor service Glass had detergent odor Food mediocre Would not come here again Nice room and music
This location was my best experience yet with Massage Envy. Great deep tissue massage from Richard.
Worth the 20 minute wait just for the desserts . Cash only but they have a atm on  site .
Can't say they've kept up the good work.  Prices went up, quality went down.  It's sad really.
Delicious poke tacos and rolls! Steeler Roll is really good :) I will go back for sure.
The country fried steak skillet was perfect hangover food! The banana muffins are amazing
Matt did my tattoo & he did an awesome job. His work speaks for itself!
Memphis BBQ -Yuuuuuuuuuuuuum!!!  cream corn, mac & cheese, BBQ Oooh MY!!!!
Great food, I gotta get back over and do it again. Check out some of the photos here on yelp.
Picked up some diapers for the baby. Service was good.
Portion sizes are big. Had the Tequila lime chicken. Was delicious!
Good but unremarkable. Eating here made me miss Commander's Palace. That's all.
Great value for pretty tasty food. $5.95 for satay beef with rice and a drink.
Absolutely delicious. Friendly staff. Good eats. Neat decor. Clean. What more could you ask for.?
Delicious vegan food & ice treats! I would definitely go back and try everything else on the menu!
Very nice customer service. Kind staff, good selection of crafting items. Thumbs up to this store!
Free sub if you download the app! Great service and the Cheese steak is awesome!
Pho Annie is the best pho I have had in a long time. Service usually quick. Staff is friendly
Looked like a great place. But as we found out make a reservation!!!  Next time I'll try it out.
Beautiful atmosphere and scenery. Thanks to my brother in law for inviting us for dinner.
The tacos here are pretty good =) A-OK in my book
Looooove the bacon burger, fries and shakes. Being from the Midwest, I miss places like this!
Dear Fabarnak,  What can I say? You're just... fab.  Love,  Tammy
EXCELLENT Sushi Tacos! I LOVE this place. I also had the Poke Bowl. A hidden gem in Oakland.
The cider beers were awesome! They had little snacks to go along with your beer. I'll def be back
This place is absolutely delicious! Totally recommend! Been here like 5 times and always good.
I love this place my kids love the dentist she's great .. wonderful work and personality great staff
2nd visit!  Amazing food.  The Boomer Pizza is incredible and the burgers are perfect.
Amazing revolving sushi for $1.50.  Charges by the plate. Hard to beat in terms of price.
Sprint still hasn't called back like promised & they still haven't resolved the issue.
Carlito's has an incredible staff, amazing food and family perfect environment!  Can't go wrong!
We sat on the patio on the fountains and had the best sushi of our lives.. Enough said
Blackberry Lavendar is delicious and the lavendar is delicate and well balanced.. YUM!!
Can't beat the prices and the quality of the sandwiches. Only downfall is the long line.
Helpful trusting staff with a great atmosphere. Looking for a smoke and a beer this is the place.
Ok place.  Daiquiris are served at room temperature for some reason, waiter says its normal
It's a warehouse club. What's to say. Hotdogs and pizza. Cheap. Not much more to say.
I am a Ross fan but this location..Not so much. The employees are rude and it is always a mess.
Love this place!  Good food, well-prepared drinks and excellent, upbeat service!
Never had better sushi in Toronto. Thank you Japango!  Cheers,
Sophisticated ambience away from the noise. Great food and drinks during a happy hour break.
New favorite spot. Huge Open space with games, live music and awesome menu. A must go when in Tempe.
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. It's cheap and the food is just amazing!
Love the fish tacos!  Had a chimi and it was really good, too.  Good prices and clean.
"J" always cuts me right, every single time. Head to Sin City cuts, no if's  or but's.
The food was delicious service was amazing nice ambience . Highly recommend their food
Trendy place: prices are high (in my opinion) but may seem normal to regular coffee/tea drinkers.
I always enjoy the coffee here and is a nice spot on the corner.
Food was good at this hard to find place!! Very authentic and great staff. Clean too!!
Please is great!  Gave me a good deal to get my bike running again after sitting for a couple years.
Great spot for a latte and a breakfast plate or meeting. Wish we had more spots like this in Vegas.
Not worth the price. They make you wait longer and short you on the number of wings.
Wonderful. Food as good as the big brother without the white table cloths. Will certainly be back.
Alexus was wonderful and gentle.  She made sure I was happy with brows.  Thanks so much!
I won't go back ... Very rushed sloppy job and ultimately didn't do what I asked several times ...
Owners from hell! Worst experience EVER! Best advice - do not go here !!
I circled around the whole building. There is no office on that address.    Wasted my time.
Unique taste, beautiful presentation, good quality, excellent service, and great entertainment!
I come to this location to get my granny and wizard porn.  If ya see a guy in an overcoat RUN!!
What an incredibly delicious and huge carnitas burrito platter I had for lunch today!
One of my favorite steakhouses anywhere. Great food try staves chop salad
I would hav said something if it's worth saying. A bad bad hole in the wall with a rude person
22 minutes for 2 burritos, fried & churros, appalling service!!!
The best matzo. Makes it okay that Lou & Hy's is gone.
Fun place with the family. Literally "hand made" noodles.  Plus the serving size was gigantic!
Good choice for a breakfast with free wifi. Sandwich is reasonably priced. I ate ham and cheese.
The wait is ridiculous to long , especially when you come in and wait for 2 hours ...
Great quality of food. You pay a little more than normal burger joints. Oxtail fries are the best!
Nice view and fancy restaurant every employee is super sweet and my concierge was so knowledgeable
Worse customer service over the phone I've ever dealed with I'll never shop here agin
Love their steak. Good customers service and the place is clean.
Amazing staff and customer service. Took care of us and more. Would strongly recommend!
Amazing pizza, better than pizzeria Bianco. great wine too!!!!!!  Plus live music. So much fun.
A hidden gem near Hartwood! Heather is the best
Hidden gem! Excellent dipping sauces for soft serve, definitely try the chocolate orange
Benjamin is awesome!!! When I come in the store they put something on my eye, I just felt amazing!
They are the best, courteous, helpful and reliable. Customer for life.
it's a starbucks. there's 6 of them in walking distance of this one. what more can you say?
Tasty Banana Chocolate Mmmufin.  Slices of banana baked in!  Yum.
A simple unassuming sandwich place. The porchetta sandwich is really good and at a good price. Yum!
Nasty. Terrible service, hotel food. Save your money or go to via de los Santos up the road!
Delicious. Gotta get some more here soon. I feel empty without em. The wasabi ones are killer.
Large outside mall with the usual chain stores.  Several of the restaurant spaces are now vacant.
Love this place. The stuffed pizza is well worth the wait. The hot wings are soooo good.
Food was good and fresh. Service was fast. Dining area was clean.
Great coffee at cheap prices. Nice to support local businesses and great staff working
Outstanding authentic food. Friendly service.   Make reservations, this place gets packed.
Good vibe, love the food, strangeish bar. Enjoyed pad Thai with chicken most recently.
 5% discount,  
Best sushi and customer service in town! Highly recommend this spot if you want the freshest fish.
One great Caf  Mocha.  Clean facility and fast service. Great surprise in such a large town.  :)
Great pedicures and ALWAYS accepts walk-ins! Never have to wait more than 15 minutes for service.
Portions are big, their eggs are tasty. Great breakfast joint
The margharita pizza was delicious!  Lots of great flavors, not soggy and just really good pizza.
Just tried a torta ahogada and a taco de barbacoa. Can't go wrong with either one!
Delicious Almond Paste Challah for Shabbat!
My favorite place to eat wings! This location is fast and so nice! Their food is amazing!
Outstanding! Fresh and delicious. Close to Moon Valley too! We will definitely go back!
Hired one more server but service is not amazing. Just a heads up
Winter melon green tea is worth the stop st the fashion mall to take a refreshing drink
Food was outstanding.  Well worth the wait! Nonstop customers!
Not impressive at all.  Like Houdini himself, this place should disappear.
Reeks like smoke! Won't even go in anymore.  Prices are fair but who wants to shop in that?
Fantastic place-everything is made to order-LOTS of options on the menu- really nice family
Attended a Party with this Service and was well impressed by the fish Food and the great Service !
Nothing that knocks your socks off. Average pizza with an average crust. Probably won't visit again.
Literally no better or worse than any poutine I've ever had anywhere. Don't believe the hype.
Wow This place really sucks..!!!!! Waiting time is 4 hours some kind of urgent care this place is
Really content with the results of Sophie's team! I used the regular maintenance service.
Asshole bartender in a tiny bar. Like tiny tiny. Shitty vibe.
This location always has slow employees without a clue. Takes forever to pay at the register.
Awesome stuff - especially the cajun fries!  Great service and fun atmosphere.
Great place to wash my truck.  Clean, well priced, all of the features work well and consistently.
No greeting, not a word. They don't care.  No pre flight drink offered in first class.
Nothing spectacular.. wasn't impressed and the food was average. No plans on returning
Gourmet food, casual atmosphere, affordable prices. Love this place!!!
great dry cleaner; and Rosa is the BEST TAILOR ever!
Stunning - But then again I'm biased as far as this hotel goes....
Really like This Place! A step up from its competition.. Vegan burrito too is a great option
Loved the decor. Wait staff was very attentive. Favorites were the brussel sprouts and potatoes.
Love this place! Dirty Chai and Kitchen Sink salad are both a must!
Crust turned to a cracker. Water tasted like Powerade residue.  Staff all called me "dude".
Raspados are so good, I come here a lot when I'm in the area.
Almond Chocolate Croissant Coffee Repeat (for three days)
Great service but the elevators are awful for a big hotel. Slow in reliable and got stuck once.
Lady was nice, transaction was quick.  35 minutes total for my title change.  Not bad for the DMV.
great pharmacy, affordable prescription drugs.  Personnel are very helpful and pleasant
Love this little donut shop. Delicious reasonably priced donuts and they never skimp on the filling!
Great vibe, fascinating menu, delightful flavors, nice presentations - I'll be back!
bin going here for years and this is the best chinese food in the east valley hands down 10/10
Waitress is great... The dry rub siracha wings are my favorite here besides the pazookies
Pretty good sushi and even better Teppanyaki.  Better prices than Bennihana too.
Amazing experience, w/ Paul. Fast, affordable and quality work all around!
Food was okay. Service was terrible. Typical scottsdale. Expected a little more. The cost was good.
This is our new "go to" sushi place. Reasonable price. Fast service. Tasty.
Very good food at a reasonable price. I had The Earl's Club and my husband had the Italian.
I love their food! their bread for the full montagu was amazing!
La cuisine est authentique le service est bon les prix sont abordables le gout est AWESOME!!!!
The burgers and the fries here are soooo good. I'm literally going back to Vegas to eat here again.
In my opinion it's the worst ice cream in Cleveland.
Awesome, cheap desserts! High quality and very tasty as well. Hard to beat for the price!
Me and Jim Hutton ate here and loved it.  Priced reasonably and good portions.
Weird smell when we entered, not a lot of flavour and so so service. Doubt I'll be back.
Zoo Gala was great.  Good food and beverage options.  Well worth it and a good fundraiser.
A solid spot. Fast and friendly service. Good portions. Not much else you need to know
Dinner was terrific. The baked Tilapia was fantastic! Service was excellent. Will absolutely return.
The door greeter Maria is a dumb old bitch and needs to retire already! Poor customer service!
Everytime ive come to this native,  it sucks. The servers are never attentive,  food is mediocre.
Did a very poor job for a very high price. No stars at all.
Always good food and awesome service. My go to restaurant in Woodbridge!
The food is dry, the staff inexperienced and the service is horrible.  Disgusting!! Enough said.
Very delicious food and excellent customer service! A must go if you haven't been here yet!
Dr. Brandt is amazing. He fits me in on short notice and always adjusts for instant relief.
Definitely not the best sushi but you gotta love the prices!
I love this place! Green tea with mango is absolutely fantastic! Great cupcakes and atmosphere.
World class. Inspired architecture. Frida and Rodrigo was excellent.
I Would like to give ANA A big SHOUT OUT! her services just amazing. Will see you soon :)
The mushroom salad was great as was the pizza. Good service. We plan to go back to try more dishes.
Best find ever!    Great little place off the strip.  Great drinks that won't break the bank.
Really good school, teachers are engages, administration very helpful, close knit community.
I like this place my wife is on the fence. Nice wait staff and food is good what else do I need.
One year later - same slow service.  I'm surprised they haven't gotten their act together yet.
Good place! Fresh! Nice service. No complaints.
Good, but not excellent like Tao or (as a less close comp) extraordinary like Nobu.
Thank you Lisa C for being our server. You are one of the outstanding waitress to us. Thank you.
Good price! Delicious food! Yummy boba! Games to play with friends! Free wifi!
You must check out this place!!! The pizza was and the service  (Alexandria) was delightful!!
Man they are cheap when it comes to extra cheese, they barley put any in the first place. BLAH!
Very overpriced coffee because it's "imported".  Rude staff and garbage ownership aka Johnathan
I did receive a partial credit for my purchase and I am very thankful for it.
The food was great. The wait for the food was WAAAAYYYYYY too long. We waited 1.5 hours for food.
Shout out to James, Alyssa, Christy, Melanie and Bree for always making me feel welcome.
Guilty pleasure roll is so good.  Prices were reasonable.  Service was great!
One of the Best Italian Restaurants in Las Vegas Hands down. Great service with real homemade food.
So tempting to stop by late at night. Open til 1am.
All good, they don't make dumplins like me though!,
My flowers were beautiful! Thanks so much mom and dad for thinking of me :)
The prices are good and the service as well. I would bring my car back there anytime
This place is excellent! Exactly what I was looking for and awesome customer service!!!
Honestly don't see what the big deal is.
A waiter called tommy provides poor services.  Never be there again
WOW love this place!  clean establishment, friendly staff, GREAT boba selection - kids loved it too!
Careful ordering a beer here near last call... May come with unexpected side of attitude
Nice staff, amazing music and always a fun time!
Great food, the ladies at the counter are always complete bitches, they need to fix that!
Great food large portions,and a fair price.
selection is pretty poor. don't expect any heat or quickstrikes. brand selection is bad as well.
Great Hawaiian pizza and delicious fries. A top notch spot to watch the games and had pizza.
The crepes are huge and amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! Highly recommend for hangover brunch!
Great server Ramone~wonderful  service and food We stop here every time we are in town !!!
Fabulous flowers. My mom loved them for days and days. Great quality, and beautiful. Will use again.
Great ambiance. Had the pork katsu with curry. Fabulous. Can't wait to go back.
So yummy and so fresh! Definently my new favorite late night spot! Great service also
Got a same day appointment and TLC for my sick boxer. Very wam and caring staff!
Excellent. This place is what Panera Bread wants to be. Lots of variety. Very fresh.
Back again!!! Old town dog for my man, sliders&fries for me..I will definitely try everything!!!
The food was awful and the service left much to be desired. Steer clear.
Very tasty "Pig of the Week!"  And the Dagwood looks awesome. Worth a try.
Love this place. Lunch salad was perfect. Jeska behind the bar was fun and really cool!
My gf showed me this spot!! The lasagna is to die for!! Creamy cheese and baked to perfection!
I would write a long paragraph but, why? Straight and to the point...  This place was awesome!
Good food!
Had a great time. Ordered my usual one with cheese and fries animal style. Fast fresh and hot.
Dr. Banks has been my family doctor for over 15 years. Love him, and recommend him to anyone!
I truly did enjoy the food, had a great selection the service was amazing.
I would not recommend this place!  It took over 30 minutes to make my smoothie.  RIDICULOUS!!!
Great food and simple and fast rotation for karaoke compared to most of the places out there.
We had an AMAZING brunch here before a Panthers game. The deviled eggs were to die for!
Stopped by twice on my latest trip to Vegas.  Still as good as ever!
Not sure what the hype is with this place.  1st and last time visiting one.
The best gluten free cupcakes in the area. Second only to jones bros in Omaha Nebraska
Loved the chicken marsala  and garlic naan.  would recommend it highly
Classic! Love this place. Home town owners with several locations. Food is soooo yummy.
Great neighborhood gym with plenty of equipment. Very clean and friendly.
Pretty good but I get mighty disappointed by jerk that doesn't melt my face off.
Good food great service Best BBQ on the south side staff is very friendly restaurant is very clean
This place is excellent. Great service and even better food. The whipped cauliflower is incredible!
Was really great, exactly what I hoped for at that price!
I love it here! It's fun and so sparkly ! My husband and I enjoyed our time here in LV
They fixed a Safelite warranty issue for me.  I'm glad they were able to resolve my issue.
Phenomenal!  Cookies are perfect and ice cream is real. I'm bringing everyone I know here.
Good selection and fairly priced.  I love the onion rings. Kids meal chicken nuggets very good too!
Great place. The interior is gorgeous and the food is amazing.
I'll see you in The  court.. Thank you McDonalds for the cheeseburger with HAIR !!
Such a waste of money. You see the not so pretty sight of the strip. Go to the stratosphere instead
BEST INDIAN IN CHARLOTTE! Convenient, fast, delicious and affordable!
Mediocre food for too much money, at least at dinner. Their brunch might be a different story.
This place is wicked. Great service, atmosphere is unique and drinks are killer! Highly recommend.
Impressed! Amazing drinks delicious food! Don't skip the appetizers or the cocktails here.
Best Chai Latte ever! Don't go in if your in a rush.  Perfection can't be hurried! Very good coffee.
Love the MacShack. The have wheat and gluten free pasta as well. Yum yum yum
Great place.  My barber, Alex , did an excellent haircut
Dr J helped me with my lower back pain.  Feeling great now.  Thanks Dr J.
0 star. Not a good experience with Ali. Was not worth what I paid for! Definitely not going back!
Spent 300$ on double bucks for this who like to gamble. Not one bonus. Not good gaming
The place is outstanding. Great sushi and Spicy Noodles. Highly recommended. Good service.
Best summed up here.  https://sweethotcrap.wordpress.com/2013/10/29/its-not-mexican-its-crap/
Food was Awful. Service was bad.  Only go here if you really want to throw your money away!
Consistently good food. Very good service. Price is excellent.  Recommended.
Had 'the classic' for brunch. It was a good regular brunch dish. Will try other egg items next time.
Lunch was great! Good portions. HOT and yummy food. Laid back vibe. Serve breakfast at lunch.
I love this location because the stylists are very tenured and experts with color and highlights.
My Kids Love Evolve! Its a great for the whole family. They are very fair with class prices.
Nice little sports bar in Fort Mill. Friendly Staff. My favorite thing are there chicken her nachos.
The ladies who work here are very awesome, especially loni. She's basically a miracle worker !
One of our favorite places in Champaign. Great service, excellent food. Cheese curds!!!
Great spot. I'm really not into Thai food but I love a good pho and the pork pho here is awesome!
These folks are always the best. They fixed my hot water tank and my refrigerator. I will be back.
Loved Kia!  Professional and top notch blow out.
Went back to this location on my way out of town this past week. They have stepped it up!
shitty quality, frankly overpriced the corsage fell apart pretty much on contact
I like this place!!!! I hope I can try more Korean food over here. The service is good as well
The food was good and service great. I ate there twice during my vacation and enjoyed both meals.
This was the best gluten freee I've had and will be back whenever I visit Vegas!
Amazing food.  Very cool mix of traditional Indian and modern.
Really good!! worth the trip.  The d cor is awesome feels like your outside in Korea.
The lady Kim Nelson that answers the phone is rude and hangs up on you.
The service is always great and so is the food! Love coming here. Keep up the geat work!
Good food and the staff here is awesome, will definately be back. I recommend the chipotle burger
Wonderful staff, nice ambiance. Great coffee and Raspberry mousse Cake!!!!! Thanks Delysees.
everything is overpriced. the food takes forever every time and the servers are understaffed.
Pisco sour and Imperial Buck were excellent. Great bar oasis in the middle of fantastic Aria!
Honest and straight forward! Thanks!
Great place for a walk. It's sad to see so much trash but on the bright side there are turtles.
Matt, David, & Aj were awesome. Helped us with everything we needed :) totally coming back :D
Andrea is great! Best pedicure in the city! Clean, friendly and luxurious! Highly recommend!
They are open for lunch now and it's amazing. Will def be back!
I love Thrifty's Ice Cream!!!!  Super nice staff!!  She was funny!!  Loved her!
My friend that lives nearby says they are great and often not too busy so can get in and out easily.
Really tricky location.  Stopped for an event tonight.  Just had a drink.   Ok Drinks.
Love this little spot!! Nice and simple. I always order the rare pho soup and it never disappoints.
My goodness, I enjoyed this meal! Nice clean restaurant in the heart of downtown vegan Vegas!
great burgers, decently priced restaurant for vegas. one of the few authentic cafes on the strip.
Best fried pickles I've ever had! I would definitely go back to try other food on the menu.
Made promises over the phone but once I drove the 40 minute drive they didn't follow through
Great food and helpful staff, only gripe was the tables all needed a little bit of wiping down.
Overpriced goods but the staff is nice. SRP pay center in this store is handy.
They do a great job. I had to have a few blinds cut down and they do an excellent, flawless job.
Can't go wrong with pretty much anything on the menu ;). Service has always been great for me.
ate the turkey burger for the first time....amazing!!!!!! best i ever had ;)
One of the best damned Mexican food restaurants in town. A don't miss for any foodie.
Great place in a busy area - King west Love the house slaw and cheeseburger spring rolls!
Nice place but messy food. Good quality but not cheap.
$9.99 Smog Check. Airconditioned customer waiting room with complimentary coffee and cold water.
The ambiance accentuated the fine food and the people that enjoy it.
From pretentious hostess, incompetent and unattentive server, average food.
Pepperoni and garlic toppings is all you need with this delicious sauce and cheese on the pizza!
New location, same great service, same great food!!!!!
Excellent service always have the Porkchop and eggs there always great good coffee and good times
Amazing place!!! Awesome food, awesome coffee and even more awesome desserts!  Two thumbs up!
Awesome same day service. Matt was great!!! Highly recommended.
Great customer service, small and cozy place. Aaron the waiter is awesome and very knowledgeable
Overpriced and inedible food. Service was severely lacking.
Herb is the fucking coolest, woo!!! Get good drinks and good service here for sure my fine people!
LOVE THIS PLACE. It's our weekend brunch spot. Please go check it out. You won't regret it!
Everyone is welcome, great drinks, usually fun music. You'll have a ball here... Or two
Friendly service but food was just ok. Maybe an off night.
Nice staff, but close earlier than hours state.
I had the veggie plate and they have such pleasant spicy kick in them! Cornbread is just perfect.
Great service from Chris P, great recommendation with the lamb shank & pale ale! cheers mate
Okay beers. Nice environment. Too out of the way to become a regular spot for me, though.
food was pretty good however it took over 20 minutes and the lady behind the till was very rude
Very happy with this school and the principal Mrs. Jill Helland is amazing!
Love this place!  They use fresh fruit n not the powder stuff. Perfect for these hot summer days!
Great glass of Zin.  Wonderful ambiance and decor.
A FLY came out my food. A legit fly. Totally gagged when I realized. NOT COMMIN BACK
Great food and great service plus open till 4am! I'll let the picture tell you how yummy it is !
They made my old town car looks like new again, at a good price, awesome bodyshop
Awesome coffee and great cheap food! Can't go wrong.  Lemon grass bahn mi was better than deluxe.
Favorite quick, fresh and authentic Thai restaurant. Super quick service, awesome staff... love it!
corned beef sandwich is good.  beers are good and the price is well.  Check in for a discount.
Best buffet in Vegas compared to wicked spoon and the one at wynn for me
quick snack, had the hawaiian bbq sandwich, was really good. try it!
Paid $22 for two small poutines. Fries are bad. Generally tastes cheap. So not worth the price.
First time and is freaking bomb.com It's a most try the beef brisket bowl was delicious.
Horrible service. Waited 15min after being seated and not one server came and took our order.
Le personnel  tait attentionn , la nourriture  tait bonne, les portions g n reuses. 3.5/5
This is our place for breakfast/lunch. Food is always good at a good price and speedy service
The Newest ILoveKickboxing.com to the Vegas area!!! An awesome gym!
So slow and tried to double book the the same imaging. Cant send a CD to your Dr either!
Not a clue. Busy Saturday and had 1 guy on grill. Watched them screw up 5 orders in a row.
Stunning!  Everything was luxurious and perfect. I wouldn't go anywhere else from now on.
Seafood Mac n cheese was great. A little of spice was a pleasant surprise. Highly recommend.
Best car buying experience ever! Todd & Kathy were awesome!
Decent buffet and food, lacking on service.  It took forever to just get us some waters.
Fast, customizable, super affordable, filling, delicious pizzas. Can we get one in Utah already?
Worth going the staffs very helpful love this local Mesa bar!
review on shakes only!  check this out at 1pm - half off on all shakes! the shakes are good too.
Great location, excellent price and nicely staff. The best place for quick exchange in Toronto.
Great service and also lots of choices!  Very reasonable prices,clean and lots of color choices.
Best Chinese food in AZ NYC style
Food is fantastic! Best meal I've had in a while. Service is good and they had live music.
I ordered a catering order for a team lunch. The sandwiches were delicious!
I've become a regular, great washing, detailing at a great price! I'll be back. Thanks!
Best Place Ever!!! Great food! Great staff! Great Vibes!!!!! And Amanda is the best !! Go see her!!!
Great food and service! I'm in love with their chicken skewers :-p
I like the ladies , the service very good , friendly . i am so happy .
So delicious!  What a great treat on a hot day!  Great staff and great refreshment!
Sushi loca is the best sushi in the NW of Las Vegas!!! The fish is consistantly high quality.
Worth the walk from out hotel. Love the place and the food. Must try their SHRIMP AND GRITS. love it
Great burgers great poutine awesome pizza... Tried it all and always happy with our meals.
Good hair cuts . Louie did a good job .
Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
Best Vape Shop in Vegas! All in house juices and the staff is very patient and helpful
I was able to get exactly what I wanted. Clean, neat and friendly. Will definitely be back.
avoid this place at all cost. overpriced scrubs, poor selection, and terrible customer service.
The wings were so small. A little bigger than a penny. Onion rings and mozzarella sticks were ok.
Very bad experience. Food quality was not up to mark as mentioned in the above reviews.
Delicious food. Awesome service. Quiet location I would recommend this place to anyone
This McDonalds is disgusting! Needs a complete remodel and some employees that actually clean it!
Awesome job by Dan!  Our Scout troop had a blast.  Looking forward to the next two rooms!
Wonderful restaurant from the past century! Totally worthy the salmon omelette delicious
Cute little place. Iced green tea latte was tasty. Good place to study. WiFi available.
Bonne place pour manger une bonne Poutine en pleine nuit et bonne musique  si vous aim 
Had good service and better food this time. Way better experience than last. Improvement
Slow service and not friendly, waited forever for drinks and food. Food was just ok.
Sabina is professional, sweet and very talented! I highly recommend her!
A good find, but hard to find.  Ask for his private reserve beers!
Food was ok this time , service was alittle slow being not busy. Everyone was nice though.
Amazing customer service and even better food.   Ask for Rolland for amazing service.
Great pizza but sometimes have problems with no one answering the phone ~ it's very frustrating!
Really nice facility. Great family fun. Watch out for the pig in the bathroom!
Non capisco come possiamo chiamare ste "pizze" napoletane ! Napoli sta piangendo.
Alright hotel, doesn't offer complementary breakfast. Nice restaurant attached to the hotel.
Great authentic Korean food. I spent a lot of time I Seoul back in the day and I love Korean bbq.
Can't go wrong here.  It doesn't blow me away, but they make a fine shawarma.
Feel in love at first sight! The price the looks the people all deserve a five star rating!
awesome! the shakes. and ice cream. and candy. and food. and the decor!
Monte cristo!!! Best I've ever had and great down to  earth service! Best jam as well! Loved it
This fucking place es close when it said it was open fix your stupid shit....
Mediocre Italian food. I had a pizza and it was quite bland. The waiter was nice, though.
Such a cute and welcoming little place. Goodbye to regular salons, this place stole my heart
Terrible service no one working he patio . Other servers just look at us. Won't be back
Upper echelon Italian at least for C-U. Never had a bad meal here, maybe a bit overpriced.
FOOD POISONING... I ate here last night and 2 hours later spent the entire night throwing up.
Great place, good atmosphere. Love the selections. Pancakes are amazing.
Great food and even better service !! Get the cajun ribeye, and lobster tail !!
Bah, don't bother. nothing is fresh
Real good bagel.   Nothing like it in Los Angeles.   Hot and made in front of your eyes.
Great and fast service. I will use them every time I need something to be taken care of.
There was very little waiting time and my appointment went very well.  Everyone was very pleasant.
I enjoy the company there & the staff are so friendly .Its a cheap time out if your up to it .
Food is amazing and made fresh to order. After a long night Vickie's is the way to go.
Terrible service. We walked in and sat there for 10 minutes. Nobody came to say one word to us.
Just tried Waba Grill for the first time and was very impressed! Great healthy fast food option.
Poor service, have to wait for 80 minutes,  and they took our food to the wrong tables
Love the price!  and it is the only car wash tht can take my lowered MiNi !
The food is incredible and that may be an understatement. Meat was tender and extremely lean.
2nd time today ! Come on QT need stronger cups !  All in all great place great staff !
Love this place! Down home cooking. The banana pudding, available on Sunday, is to die for!!
Real good bagel.  Not what I expected when I walked in but the bagels were sweet and good
Love this place! Great music, great drinks and yummy hookah flavors.
Good pizza great pasta but portions are a bit small for the price
Best Chipotle in the Valley!! Staff is so chill. Always a 5 star experience. You guys are the best.
Do yourself a favor, get the  burnt ends beans and the Cuban. You will thank me later.
Love the truffle Mac and cheese!! Cute place near my house. Friendly staff. Food was good.
Loved our bartender!!! So friendly super chill place fast service !!! Wish I knew about it sooner
Best poker room in the valley.  Maybe even the country.
Absolutely awesome. Love this place, authentic and zesty
This place is so slow.  30 minutes in drive thru.  Cashier very rude.  Never will go back.
Great bike selection!  Always great service and lowest prices in the valley.
Always a sandwich GO TO!! located in the miracle mile shops.. right next to a casino, perfect ;)!!
Bean burritos!  Cheap and good! I eat for two days. The food is great, and the staff is really nice.
Good price, delicious food, and friendly employees.
We've been going there for years.  Recently with the "new" owners it has gotten even better.
Amazing patio! Good drinks and delicious food. A job well done! Happy they are in the neighborhood.
What happened to this location. It always was very good but tonight it was just horrible.
Visiting from out of town. Just dropped in, very tasty. Had rolled tacos with guacamole.
Love it. Never had a sub part experience. Always good service. Half price lunch. Wooo love it.
Killer entertainment, good pub food, GREAT beer and nice people.  AND FREE WIFI!
Best Bike shop and hang out spot in CaveCreek! Hands down.
Food was ok, service was terrific. Will come again on game day for the fun atmosphere!
Came here for my bachelorette party!  A+  Had a great time, good job guys:)
Ayce, amazing! Dead Dragon and Magic Mountain were awesome
Outstanding mexican food. Been here 4 times this week for lunch.
Food was good. Went for Thursday night football. 49 cent wings! Yeah!
Freaking love this girl she does amazing skin care facials and eyelash perms.  only girl I go too.
Great, Todd is a great barber. Comfortable chairs and a razor neck shave. Very affordable.
Great food for the price!! Prime rib rocks, and Thursday nights is all you can eat steak!!!
Straight beat. No one really dancing except a couple guys. $25 cover. Major swing and a miss!
The good wasn't good plus messed up my kids order!! Sorry to say but employee seem so dumb!!
Great service food and decor. I've been going for years and will continue to go for many more.
I love the crepes and i love that i can watch the bellagio fountain while eating my food
Great as usual, can never get enough of this place!! Love the all you can eat sushi and appetizers.
Nice Whole Foods, friendly staff.  Always stop at WF when traveling for on the road salads.
we come here all the time and it never gets old. their breakfast burritos are sure a hit
Best chile relleno, hands down. Margaritas are fantastic. Family-owned since day one.
Food was good but fries were barely warm. Server was good, and friendly.
Great sandwiches! Ate from this place on a couple trips to Vegas. Open 24 hours so thats a plus too
Only place I'll ever go to have some pho and ice cream macaroons :) love their spring rolls!
It was great. Best breakfast in Vegas, view is fantastic. Ambiance is incredible.service was okay.
He moved to LV but gave me a referral. Quote set up with Robert Gonzalez...thanks.
Awesome desserts , wide variety , decent price!
Great spot. Loved the drinks and it doesn't get better than Earls girls.
Great place great personalities behind the counter. Will return!!! Try the tigers blood! How's
Absolutely delicious. Every time I come to Vegas I come to this place and it never disappoints.
Best Margs EVER!!! Seriously. Cheap beer, great fresh food. Always here, always margaritas :-P
The chocolate cheesecake was amazing without the line up that you see at Uncle Tetsu!
big portion.  can't go wrong for Mediterranean food, its not stellar but satisfying.
Great breakfast...friendly service, and the coffee was smooth and delish.  Very nice place.
Salmon was excellent and so was the pizza cooked perfect and the service was amazing thank you bjs
Great customer service, very personable! I had the chicken tenders (AMAZING!!). Thank you guys!!
Best pizza I had in Arizona. More like Chicago-style pizza unlike others.
I had never left a doctors office so satisfied as I did today. All I can say is Thank you Dr Grant.
Love the sports book. Lots of room and food is close. Easy in and out. Great people watching.
Love all of the food items on their menu! The garlic mash potatoes are my all time favourite!
Great food. Prices are decent but not as good of a deal as some other Mediterranean places.
We had excellent bangers&mash! Surely we'll come back!
Good wings,  horrendous service...  Make sure you don't go when it's busy.  Servers can't keep up..
best sandwhich in vegas...must try...italian is the best by far....
so far Crab puffs , fresh rolls, chicken pad thai, chow mien and shrimp fried rice were great :-)
The guys working here seemed very bothered I wanted to purchase a smoothie.  Very unfriendly!!
Service was excellent everyone was friendly and the food was amazing be sure to try the Casatta cake
The sushi is fresh, the service is wonderful, and the oysters are awesome!
Don't go between 3 pm and 4 pm unless you want soggy and warm food.
Freaking yummy Vegan burgers. My fave server is Krista.
Very cool idea! Love the food and most of all, the cats!
Great food! Typical Italina food (or Americanized Italian food rather).
Good prices Good food Nice drink list Fun ambiance Only con: no reservations
Mike got here right on time, diagnosed the problem and fixed it fast. Super awesome work!
Great tacos!  Great people! A must to try when you're in Beechview. Love, love, love!
Perfect vegan bagel & cream cheese and latte. Best healthy breakfast option in Vegas.
They fixed my Moto X screen quickly.  Very professional and friendly as well. No issues whatsoever.
Terrible service, from the hostess to the servers, and mediocre food.
Great place. Great service. Atmosphere is so Cody and upbeat at the same time. Highly recommended
Best bagels in the city! What are you waiting for? Go get em!
Beans are roasted on-site to produce excellent espresso!
Dida and her team are tremendous!! Very glad have their expertise helping our business.
Duck hash, oatmeal and coffee were all good. Not a bad place for some nice brunch.
Best pediatric office ever!!! Love everyone that works here. They are wonderful with my children.
Old money vegas feel.  very upscale and clean. didnt stay but am sure it would be nice.
Best Chinese food I have ever had. Period.
pathetic eclair. shame to be in a french hotel
Waited almost 20 minutes in line so that the guy that arrived after me gets served. Not coming back.
Adequate food for a higher price than it was worth. Friendly staff who was quick and relatable
Cute items at a decent price and some junkie items. Fun place to go looking for house decor.
The Best!! Hands down!  Great taste, great service.  Love the names of the desserts...so cool!
Not sure where the 2-3 stars come from. Our meal was ridiculous.  Blue fine spicy tuna? awesome!!
Their ice cream cones are the BOMB!!
Huge menu with great food  Had the matzo ball soup and the smoked meat sandwich.  Good stuff
These got rid of super lice for us.  I recommend calling them at the first sign of lice
DE-LIC-IOUS!! As far as Indian food goes - this place is as good as it gets!
There is warmy cozy thingy going in the place. Friendly staff...  They satisfy my cupcake cravings.
Shieeeeeeeet. Senator Clay Davis would approve of this joint, and so do I.
Cool place. Found me a 45 of Howlin Wolf's "300 Pounds of Joy" here. What more needs to be said?
Great indian food; spiced well and not Americanized.. The naan is fresh and amazing.
Great staff!  Good customer service :-)  relatively quick... even on a Saturday! Great job!
A little over priced but WAY GOOD!! Truly a top notch, quality meal. Best pancakes around
Such a unique dessert spot! Cute shop and friendly employees. Cookie dough is rich and delicious!
Great food, but slow service. Plan on setting aside two hours if dinning here, not fast.
Loved the food and the service. ... sejal was very good server too!
Fun environment. But service takes awhile. And wife and I found leftover food on our utensils.
Great Buffet with a huge selection and delicious food.
Its your standard gym.  At least its clean and newish.  Convienient to work...
This place is a gem. Breads, pastries all top notch. Try everything. You won't be disappointed.
$125 for a 10 min visit to sign a form..... Doctor was not friendly neither was staff!!!!!!!!!!
Took additional 15 minutes for my pickup order. Great food just online ordering was lame.
Always friendly service and have been able to save me money on my insurance.
It's a good Aldi.  And I should mention how underrated the wine selection is.  You should shop here.
Just got my bedroom set, looks great, very happy with service and delivery. Good job guys Thanks
Awesome in service and treatment! Thanks Dr. Resse!
Amazing selections -- Good for a sea food lover
Food was decent but service was awful and not worth the long wait and unfriendly/snappy waitress.
My favorite yoga place, very diverse teachers with different styles. Accepting atmosphere.
Pretty darn good.  I was a tourist in Toronto and considered this experience a pleasant novelty.
i love the food here better than regular old panda express. big portions too!
Hmmmmm, I was only in the casino for 10 minutes......I'm all itchy.
Get the strawberry-lemon cake. Not chocolate, but it is killer! Get it while you can.
The best attencion in special Alejandra,she so cute  ,she help and  jordy , im so happy for my wirk
Came here with my best friend ! We are so in love with their burgers ! Best place to grab a burger !
Awesome place. The food is great!!! And the service is second to none. Highly recommended...
Wow! Great show, you really brought back some memories.  I enjoyed every minute!
Had a work related Christmas lunch here. Good service. Wine list looked good. Food was great.
Very good food, patisseries are refined and delicate - excellent all around.
Loooooooooooooonnnggg Lines!  Be ready to wait a looong time. But totally worth it.
Just went to the bathroom & saw a huge live cockroach. Walked out. Literally, right now.
Over priced, bad service and try to sell you things you don't need.
Great menu and service. Food is good and not just your typical bar food. Love, love, love the patio!
I like that it has a little bit of everything; the staff is pretty friendly which is a plus as well.
What kind of ITALIAN restaurant doesn't serve BREAD AND OLIVE OIL!? Portions are small as well.
Food is delishes and great service, considering the fact that it's in Vegas sea food is bomb!
Service was good, food was delicious, I will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Toronto!
Incredible customer service, beautiful workers, delicious drinks. Starbucks who? Pffff
Hungry late at night? Please try the Weary Traveler. Stomach says "Thank you."
Never ordered any food but good drinks and a large dance floor and patio.
Come hungry! Leave happy! Awesome place never seen like this fine sushi restaurant!!!
Best dessert place in LAS VEGAS!!! It's so delicious and satisfying yummy in my tummy!!!
Very good pizza Good service Bring your own wine A little pricy
Kinda sucky service. Good ice cream though. Decent non-ice cream menu as well.
Good location, friendly staff, easy access.  In and out in under 5 minutes.
Ok.  Too short of a ride. The driver was very nice and made the short ride alot of fun.
Mind blowing...how in the world does he do that?  Must see...I was absolutely amazed.
Lovely.  The Chandelier, the Restaurant Collection, the Views.  Expensive, but would recommend.
easy, friendly, clean, and didn't turn me orange!!! New customer specials are nice too.
Military discounts, and awesome chicago style dogs!
Good for real Chinese food in a Casino, but $18 for Roast Duck and Cha Siew on Rice?  FAIL.
Great crepes. Good coffee. Great service.  Yeah, that pretty much sums it up.
I don't recommend this one, bad servise, the waitress very mean here, very bad .the food soso
One word.  "DISGUSTING".   Filthy,  food poisoning waiting to happen.  Food was old and cold.
Simply some of the best I've ever had -- and I try to make it myself as a committed Pho eater.
Literally the best pizza we've had in the west valley!!! So excited to come back again!
Oliver was very professional, explained my options, and then performed exemplary work!  Thank you!!!
Wonderful service, kind and enthusiastic female employee, and fastest chipotle I've been to!
Scrumptious Greek fries, pizza, and steak on a Keiser.  Inexpensive and worth every bite!
Great taste at great price. Nice environment, very Mexican. Like the tortillas and salsa
Loved the food. Especially the red curry. Will definitely come again for Thai food :)
Never had anything from here that I didn't like. Friendly staff. Amazing zucchini! Must try!
Order entered under wrong number. Gave a pathetic sorry and did nothing else to accommodate.
Great gyros and friendly staff. I stop in each time I'm in the area. You won't be disappointed!
google a video for 'Receta de chiles en nogada tradici n mexicana' on yelp, amazing
Goood sushi and good service everytime i go !!!
Food was very good. Good portion and great price. Congee was boiled and simmered to perfection!
Kim is an amazing community manager! She is extremely responsive and takes pride in her communities!
This is the best Pho in Phoenix, run by one of the coolest families in the West Valley.
Nice place, but good for pople after 45 yers old, not for young people!!!!
Don't forget the cheese and meats in the back room. Ask for the watermelon juice.
Awesome WESTERNS!!!!! not a fan of the homefries and the westerns are pretty big. Great place.
The best place to go and always a great experience! Jesse James is absolutely amazing!
Very nice experience. Timely and professional. Bianca took great care of my teeth.
Best burgers and fries nearly without salt, what is great!
Best sushi joints around, great selection always fresh. Salmon loves lemon roll is a must try.
The VIP Bar cabin was worth the extra $$, it was a wonderful ride and would do it again and again.
Responsive, punctual, knowledgeable, reasonably priced. I would recommend them for any size project.
Awesome place for a leisurely meal.  Price is a little steep but very impressive and tasty.
I finally upgraded from Walmart to target.  Reason: not as many scary people roaming around here
The brothers are very friendly and accommodating and the food was great!
The best meal we had in Montreal. The beef cheek was amazing.
Haven't had Chinese food this good in such a long time!  P.S. their steamed fish rocks!
No matter what time of day it is...the staff is always cheerful and ready to help you! Great team!
Went to see Diana Ross for the second time this month! Amazing show!! Wasn't ready to leave!
drove here but its closed on saturday at noon??? no answer via phone.... out of business?
Worst customer service ever.  Refused to give me Saving pass booklet after I checked in.
Good noodle soup. That's rare enough to earn 4 stars for sure. I'll be back...often.
Had dinner with a large party handled us well will defiantly be back.  Cindy was fantastic.
The ice cream here is .  My favorites are the taro float, Jasmine milk tea, and peach mangonada
Very cool place to try at least once! Pizza is extremely good and loud fun atmosphere!
live in san fran, want to move this place to california, pizza is amazing!
This place rocks best place in Ohio to get clothing. They have a Louis Vuitton And a Chanel!!
Food was delish!  Several families there on Sunday afternoon for the buffet. Service was okay.
Ashely is amazing!! The salon is very modern, bright, and clean! Love coming here for anything!!!
Vinnie did a great job on our home. On time and windows look amazing. Would definitely use again.
Great experience getting a new bike rack. Staff actually came out to help with the assembly.
Good subs at a great price.  Easy place for a quick lunch.  No frills.  Cash only.
Amazing beers, yummy food & friendly staff!  Favorites here are the curds and mac & cheese.
Quick and efficient service by edger, was in and out within 30 seconds. Problem solved.
I took an amazing greens and it tastes amazing. It's probably a healthy start of my college life
This is by far the best pizza in south Charlotte.  There really isn't a better option.
Slam Dunk (and you would never know it) - great food, customer service, and prices.
Great food, but poor, unfriendly, rude service. We love the cookies, lemon bars, sandwiches.
We go here often. The ice cream is nothing out of the ordinary. Very simple, quick and cheap!
Brought a bracelet here for repair. Fast work, friendly service and they did a great job!
Amazing Cornetti!!! Having this stuffed italian style croissant brought me back to Italy instantly!!
Best set of gell nails I have ever gotten.  Very clean and professional.  Will be back
Old country buffet is way better.  Price is ridiculous for the food.  Go somewhere else.
No complaints.   Really good pad Thai, and service.    The price was great and filled us up.
The crepe is good. Egg Benedict is on the dry side. They do not have total reward discount.
Amazing service! My burger with chili, egg and bacon was delicious. Definitely coming back!
Great service, very clean location. Good food at a decent price.
Majorly blah! If quality was better maybe but, I just won't be coming here anymore! Shit was whack!
Nick's used to be good with the previous owner, that all changed. Which is pretty sad.
Wings were amazing.pizza amazing... Overall a great place .When ever I am in Tempe we stop in
Great Service. Ontime for delivery and pick up!  Thank you
Very friendly wait staff, fast and precise. Presentation is just as good as quality and taste!
Loved their Garden Salad, tons of vegetables. Ok service, our waitress seemed disinterested.
Worth every penny! Large asian mexican seafood and meat sections. Ih and deserts  island!
Great service, excellent food, had the mixed grill, superb. First visit very pleased.
We went there at our anniversary day. It is really great. Excellent services and Excellent foods.
Super tasty menudo!!! Y las tortillas a mano no se quedan atr s....we will be back!!!
Great place. The bacon flight is a must try and good bloody Mary's. Friendly staff too
Service is very good.  Food is great.  Prices fair.  I've already been back.
Just good Chicago foods! Great Chicago Dogs and Italian Beef (make sure you get it dipped)...
I like the fresh donuts. Quick in, quick out. Good prices on fuel.
It's pretty big. Service kind of stinks but hey, it's not a regular restaurant right?...
Great spot to get nails done! Same day appt and walk ins and they have done a terrific job.
Love the ceviche here!  Great food now and nice owners. Place is clean and their food is fresh.
Good food, good service. Impressed with the whiskey offerings!
Awesome! Great food, great server.! Thanks Nicole!  Make sure you try the Toffee dessert!
Literally my favorite place! Every time I come to AZ for business I have to eat at Zupas!
Amazing Food and Atmosphere! Great for Couples. Sharing food is welcome and trendy here.
We come here all the time when we need the cars deep cleaned...and so far we're satisfied!
Place was great, classy, and Mac and cheese was on point. Brisket is what you should obviously get
Beautiful modern hotel. Gorgeous well priced rooms
Try the colbyjack burger. Greasy Yummy. Fries is ok.
This place is authentic and food is great! Definitely a great place for sandwiches and desserts.
The Room was way too small for my big ass...the casino was nice though.
Just like home without the buffet. Great service. Home away from home!
It is one of the best vapor shops in town! They are nice and gave good stuffs that I needed
Bento boxes here are the best, the bi bim bap, but not the sushi.  But I will come here again!
It's tasty, the guac is legit and the people watching is on point...over priced but hey, it's Vegas!
I like that you can taste whatever zoup you want. Just ask!
Awesome service and friendly, upbeat staff
This was a great experience for my group of 20! Highly recommended, we will for sure come back.
Love the atmosphere and fantastic happy hour! Favorite spot in Mesa:)
Good food and fast service.  Call ahead and place your order because they do get busy.
awesome spot.  was in town on vacation.  had breakfast here 5 days in a row!
This is our post children's hospital meal tradition! Love everything about this place!
Great service very accommodating and knowledgeable. Thank you Mark for being so helpful.
I use this place for the post office.. It's okay.
This store has a wonderful assortment of essential oils. Three different types of jasmine alone!
It's a shame they became so popular.  They lost the charm of being an Up Nort Supper Club.
Sat outside under heat lamps.  Good service and good food.  Wonderful place
Super long wait for average food.  Came here for the fuss but it's definitely not worth it.
Very good as always. I've never been disappointed at Macayo's. Food is always consistent
This gal is an artist!!!  So talented, so nice!!!  My brows look so fabulous!  Just a gem!
Keith was a great guy and did a fantastic job of on the tint. Thanks for doing a great job.
Sat in the drive thru for 20 minutes waiting for tacos and a quesadilla.  ridiculous wait time.
I went here for a wax. The place was very clean and well priced. I would go back for sure.
Good poutine. Neat place. Love the 3' tree stump stools.
A solid dive bar. Cheap drinks, close proximity to greasy food, and bartenders with a heavy pour.
Super slow!!! Ugh  I have to remember NOT to come here Again .... 30 minute wait in the drive thru
cool atmosphere, great food, superb service. Real Wisconsin food! Worth the wait.
I am glad I came to this place, she did an excellent job and very painless on the brow threading
Shuttle to airport is not reliable, had to take taxi.   Elevator broke.  Other than that ok
Great Hotel. Love it
Best place for brunch - we love it here.  The service is great and the food is really good.
Great dentist! My whole family comes here. They are all friendly, great service, and good prices!
BEST show in Vegas!!!!!!  Clean, funny and talented.  Good for all ages.
Great experience! The crew was awesome. Couldn't be more pleased. Great job, Ariat!
Update: Circolo closed without warning in early July.
Slow service, wrong size, barista picked an ice cube out of a customers cup with bare hands.
Matt our server was awesome best server we have had out whole trip.. The food was amazing as well
This food is no joking matter. It is fab!!! Also surprisingly cheap for Ballantyne.
Friendly staff and awesome selection of Dave's Killer Bread brand.
Quick and courteous service. Big portions. VERY friendly staff. Reasonably priced. Highly recommend!
I love speedy. I like to give my car that personal touch, and their equipment is the best.
Best Steamies and fries in the city.  If your in the east end, no reason not to drop in.
I love titan insurance.. The agents were very knowledgable
Fuckin love the double down. If you're into punk and rock n roll, this is your place!
Oh pranskters... drinks and food are cheep, great enviroment.. I totally recommend this place.
My pizza was great!  Finally so happy to have good and decently priced food downtown!  Thank you
Enjoy the pizza, salad and meatballs!  Service is up and down depending on who you get.
Fries were very good & they give you plenty of them.  Hot fudge sundae was tasty. I'd return.
Mike Drain is a great sounding board, reliable and the lawyer you want on your side.
Grand opening today! Fresh donuts. I'm not a coffee drinker. Enjoy your Timmie's folks!
The farm greens salad - simple yet so good! I come here quite a bit and never disappointed.
Good place for a quick bite.  I'm sure its nice in the summer when they open the windows.
Good food and service.  You can't beat the price.  Reminds me of Paquito Mas in L.A.
Always clean and fresh and employees are very friendly. The yougart selection is good
Good dive bar for a cheap drink. Pool tables are a nice plus. Keep your wits about you..
Great place for a cheap beer, pool and to watch the game. I'd recommend it to anyone.
This place is wonderful! Clean, friendly employees, and a great selection of toppings! Yummerz!
The gourmet meatballs could be served hotter, otherwise the sauces and salads are great.
A very good restaurant family fare nice ambience friendly staff delicious food really liked it
Pretty good food and fast service. Servers will check on you regularly and the place is very clean.
Amazing desserts, some times it's a long wait but that's The Strip what're you gonna do.
Wow!  Great food!  Short and to the point.    If you're looking for great thai, stop here!
Great food , family style resturant dancing untill 12:00 PM owners pleasant nice people.x
Cookies are so great!! Just had a fresh batch when we got there. Definitely worth the money!
a nice place to kick start your evening, no matter what night of the week you go.
Chicken was amazing, hit the spot, he owner is super friendly... defiantly coming back here
Best deal on the strip. Been here twice and have to say these sandwiches are quite delicious.
The food was tasty, portion was perfect, price was on point. Would defiantly come back again.
Wonderful desserts! Glad we stopped in! Excited about visiting the new so Cal location
What can I say....I like their buffet.  Baron of beef!, cream puffs....
Great if you want to grab some street style tacos like the ones you find in LA.
Great NY style pie and sicilian.  Very reasonable prices and friendly, attentive staff.
Great bartender and service. Ordered take out and the food was excellent. They're back on track.
Fantastic atmosphere, great drinks, and the best fried perch I've ever had save for my grandma's.
Can I do less than zero stars? Patrick at this bike shop is an unprofessional prick.d
Really enjoyed this place. Very mom and pop feeling.  Great food, very clean and good service
They came by to clean today.... They stood on my counters with their shoes on.... Never again.
Love this place but kind of expensive. Messy greasy burgers. What more could you want?
You've been warned.  You'll want to go back.  A lot.  Your diet might not appreciate your new habit.
Very poor quality of service. Rude and unprofessional staff.
Always good! The food is wondrous.  Try the lavender lemonade with a shot of bourbon.
Great spot for a man pedicure! Took great care of me.
Best Pho Ive had in Toronto. Nice location, very friendly staff, will be visiting here often.
The food was pretty good just very greasy but over overall it was tasty not bad for 5$
mmmmmmmmmmmmm
I have eaten there several times with family. I like Yellow Tail better than Watami.
Good value for your money. Always come here for the patio and the spicy Ceasers are A-mazing!
Awesome & Professional service, would definitely come back for the deep tissue hot stone massage
Wonderful pizza and amazingly courteous staff! Would definitely go there again (and again)!
What a cool spot on Water Street! Very clean and friendly!  Great burgers and curly fries!
Gr8 place .. Samosa awesme.. Same fr egg puff... Dahi batata puri one shd try definitely
Good quality clothing and darn clean!  I like looking at the boats as well.
Wonderful. Guinness, great pizza, doesn't get any better than that. Highly recommend.
The food is decent enough but for the money, go to hanks or del friscos.
Over rated, over priced. Smallest sashimi slices I've ever had in any sushi restaurant in my life.
Very enjoyable afternoon show.  A must see for any animal lover, and the price is very reasonable.
Very good real fruit juice! Just a bit of a long wait each time otherwise best one in town!
This is a fun place with a friendly, informative staff. Coming here again!
food was good, waiter was a bit odd but great place to come after seeing Michael Jackson One Show..
Amazing service! Love the beef noodle soup and their dumplings!
it is hamburger in a Asian way... oxtail chili fries, pork belly bun....a okay
Joel Robuchon Is by far the top in culinary. His food is fantastic. Definitely top notch.
Nice hidden gem close to UPMC Presbyterian and Pitt.
Excellent habanero mocha and stuffed avocado. Gotta come back to try the rest of the menu.
Great breakfast burrito! They had many choices to build your own burrito at reasonably cheap prices!
Awesome patio (and super cool indoor seating) for enjoying a coffee with a yummy pastry.
Stopped in at 4 am for our first visit for some good ass fries, stuffed French toast, and music
No bueno
Needed locks changed at my business and they came right out,  highly recommended. Excellent service.
Excellent service - top notch pedis!  Would book again every time!!!  I will be a regular
I love their carne asada fries! Champurrado was delicious and portions are great!
Great food and atmosphere. Service was outstanding! We had a wonderful evening. I recommend Va Bene.
Nice place with nice service. Food is OK. They lack espresso coffee.
I love ICLV. It is my home. I love the worship and the pastoral staff.
Not the best BBQ I've had, I felt it was not worth the price. For me the BBQ was too greasy
Delicious food and wonderfully service! Try the panama curry! Pad seew is also great!
Love it!! Lots of food, great variety and the service was the best!   Great little neighborhood vibe
Great food but the bartender Michael sucks! Totally rude!
Excellent service, this was my first time using his services - he's earned a customer for life.
Just what a neighborhood pizza place should be. Great food. Good prices.  Great staff.
Too expensive for nothing the food wasn't great never go back again . I would give it two stars only
Super cheap and good food.  Service is decent - kind of slow sometimes.
Not your average Greasy Spoon ....food that warms your inner soul. Big hearty generous breaky.
delicious ice cream shop so far  its worth to lineup
Shitty, slow, and rude service. Wish I'd read the reviews first before renting through them.
We love the burrito house. Owners are great, food is yummy! We eat here at least once a week!
Best Bagels in The World. Nuff' said
Aside from the sweet potato fries, the dubliner was awesome (I love lamb meat)
Really good prices but I would stray from the wings. It is very greasy so beware!
Savory Pies are on point.Tasty and Fresh. Can't beat the  happy hour. Pies and beer perfect combo.
Decent prices for the strip and huge portions that are tasty.  Definitely no room for desert.
Best burgers out there at the moment. It's just that simple.
The food here isn't amazing, but it's a nice place for students to go after school or to work at.
Highly recommended!! A wonderful staff that does an excellent job without being overpriced.
I love this place.  The food is great and not too expensive.  You get your moneys worth.
Great company!  Great rates!  Professional  and effective service!  Thank you Dunamis!
Fyi it's now called Maria's. Service it's great...food is awesome. Margaritas aren't bad either. :-)
Service was awesome! A little overpriced and they do not validate parking! Worth it overall.
Meghan is the best! I finally found someone who understands my unruly curly hair.
Amaaaaaaazinggggg!!! I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and be totally happy!
J'ai trouv  que  ma cr pe  aux pommes et patates vraiment succulente .Le  service  tait bien.
The Midori Margaritas are amazing! We had the carne asada tacos. They were cooked to perfection!
good place for late dinner. they seem to have lots of great food, and local come here at night.
This place has great donuts.  If your ever in the area of Desert Inn and Eastern, stop in and enjoy.
Excellent place good service. Food is of great quality. Mimosa is a nice beverage choice
Seated immediately in spite of a being super crowded and we were served quickly by a sweet waitress.
One of the best buffets in Las Vegas as far as the food goes. Pricewise, I would look elsewhere.
The staff is friendly and attentive... Food is great and portions are big... Love this place!
Love the afternoon - tea at the Phoenician. Great atmosphere and the tea was top notch
Chocolate cupcake - real good.
My grandma and I come to oink all the time and Iw love it! The have the best Benedict in town!
Very friendly staff. The cook is funny. Number 20, three stars, is a great meal for anyone.
Nice restaurant with the very best garlic knots you will ever find. Also love their cannolis!
i love the donuts. there is so much to pick from and the sandwiches are bomb!!!
They don 't have a good customer service ,but the guy that doing the window tinting is  nice.
Came from Portland, Or to have some seriously good coffee! I wouldn't go anywhere else in Nevada.
Great service!  Tea selection was good, not great.  Nice selection of tea pots and accessories.
Super slow drive thru been waiting so far for 20 mins and still my coffee isn't ready.
Real diner food. Their navy bean soup was absolutely delicious.
Good food and owner is true believer in hospitality!
This school is the bees knees- they really prepared me for an audio career
One of my favorite Greek places to eat at. This place is always clean and the food is always good.
The oxtails are a must!!!! Got it with cabbage, rice & peas with a cream soda on the side.
YUM - the best treats & bread....and the lunch items are great too.
Really good pitas salads gyro and shawarma.  Clean and comfortable.  Spices are just right!
Nice breakfast place, good food. Better than the chains like Dennys, ihop, village inn, etc.
My first place to get food whenever I'm in Rock Hill area. Loved their steak quesadilla.
The Shrimp Lemon pepper is tha bomb dot COM!!! Definitely come and eat here. It is worth the pay (:
Food suck, pancake very soft lot lot of oil service is friendly so 1 star for that.
Don't come out here..It's the worst day.  No parking, gates are closed..Police officers everywhere..
Wow wow wow nice place based on first impression. Early Wednesday on the patio.  Love the Hulk.
Best Pizza in town!!! Really authentic italy style pizza.  Highly recommend!!
A pretty good airport restaurant. The mushrooms by themself are worth four stars. Very good service.
Very good and authentic. Very much worth it if your looking for really great Tai food.
Great place to eat and drink for happy happy happy hour! $5 wine and great bruschetta!
awesome dentist! made my teeth so fresh and so clean! trustworthy and friendly!
Yummo!  First time having a sushi burrito and it was excellent!
Same as my last review 2 years ago; If you want Poutine in Montreal, there's no better option.
Great shop  great comics book love this place.  We visit everytime we come to vegas.
Best Fish and Chips in town, This is our local spot with great beers on tap.
Do not come here...huge rip off.  50 dollars cover and the girls are terrible.  Total tourist trap.
Excellent customer service & innovative marketing tactics that WORK!
Amazing brunch!  Loved the guacamole and the crepe dish.  Great live music as well.  A must!
Open faced hot roast beef sandwich is to die for
Great food, huge portions, lovely service and reasonable prices. A solid neighborhood restaurant.
Horrible  Go to burger king instead....is that bad.
Wow I just love it . Their caramel milk tea and latte with salty cream is awwweeeesooome
Great bar. Lots of tv's for sports. Fantastic Steaks!
Great spot in the SW for boba!  There drinks are consistently good and the staff is super friendly!
Best New Mexican food  in the Valley! Would recommend to anyone looking for great green chile
Great experience!  Convenient location and expert teachers is exactly what you get here.
Wonderful restaurants with lots of anime character. Waiter Dave was great ! Five stars definitely :)
Great ribs and bbq.  Try the bbq beans too.  Just like Tennessee.  Friendly service.  Will be back.
Cool atmosphere. Free wifi.
It was ok- trying to get service for drinks was the longest.  Extremely warm in restaurant
Best indo Chinese I ever had. Must visit if you are in this area.
This is a cool little gaming bar. Also has plenty of TV's to watch your favorite game.
Cool, trendy, fun in the Camelback Corridor.  Good food.  Go on Tuesday's for $2 Tecate beers.
Mediocre food.  Bad service.  Cheesecake Factory food and ambiance.
The flavor of orange chicken was great but they use a very cheap meat that you can't even chew
Greatest indian restaurant in phoenix area. the service is excellent and the food is delicious
Tim is very knowledgeable and gives great customer service. This is the best bike shop in town .
Timely and awesome attitude. I'd hire him again any day.
I have been going here for years. I love the "Hong Kong" style pan fried crispy noodles!
They are awesome- drive-through is hilarious Bec biscuits a bit too greasy but still delish Mmm
Got my pedicure done by Lisa. She is so good at what she does. I will come back next time for sure.
Could not recommend this place more great service nice clinic definitely give them a visit!
This place is cool and cozy!  Got the cabin feel to sit back and enjoy some coffee.
Mediocre "waffles." It's getting worse as the years go by.
Love this place!! 3$ Mimosas on Saturday and Sunday!!! Everyone was pretty amazing and
What happened to China China. They never reopened. They were the best. Wish you would come back. Bob
Decent wood fried pizza. Cranberry and cilantro as choice of topping added a good flavor.
Excellent food, excellent friendly service.  Kind of nouvelle though, but I like that.
Best pizza in Buckeye!!! Hand tossed, great sauce!! Very good selection of beer on tap!!
Worst pharmacy around. Every time they mess up my prescription or life. Waste of my time!!!
Right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the Dining Commons.
Love this place. Great buffet. Warning, Very Expensive with pretty long lines at times.
Favorite local coffee house. Fantastic service, great coffee, great atmosphere. Love it.
cool green room and love the art and comfy feel of the office
Nicely done brunch. Interesting food and reasonably priced. Friendly service staff...
My favorite place in the entire city!!! We got s'mores on our last visit! Man was it delicious!!!
someone please show the girls how to pour a proper Black and Tan. I didn't order a "beige".
A nice place to stop by to grab a quick bite if you're in the area.  The tacos were good.
Amazing food and great service!  CHARCUTERIE plate is a must order, you will not be disappointed!
Free buffet with drink purchase in the bar... spinach & chickn enchiladas were good.
Food was fresh I went in 5 mins to closing staff was courtesy and friendly.  The food was delicious.
Good food and inexpensive.  The market is worth walking through while you wait.
Staff is rude, aggressive, and uncaring. Avoid at all costs!
Great customer service. Jasmine did a great job hooking it up. Very friendly and attended our needs
Skip this place. Overpriced, not very good and strange people.
Good location, rude bartenders, cocktail waitress slow slow slow. 25 minutes still no drink
5 stars for the filet mignon, the mash potatoes, sauteed mushrooms, and mac and cheese =]
Love the sweet potato fries. The sliders are really fun. I heard the whisky selection is great.
Made my own sample platter of tacos, all of them were delicious. Definitely a must stop.
Great service & food!!
My wife qnd I had the best dinner in Vegas for a reasonae price. Would return on a heartbeat.
Epic poutine!!!
Meatball parmigiana was really good and the price wasn't too bad for the amount of food i got.
One of my favorite places to eat! Chicken Pho soup and the spring rolls, guilt free, and delicious!
This place is so cool - wonderful, interesting selection of sushi. You must try this hidden gem!
Drove from Southern Highlands for this place. Did not disappoint, I had the Bananas Fosters...BOMB!!
Wow. The best dinner buffet in Vegas. Come hungry and you'll leave full and satisfied
cool dive Mr.T say I pity
Great food, very nice and prompt service, cool atmosphere. Definitely coming back!
Best customer service I have had in a while :-) please had the best medium rare burger ever :-)
I've been to SW twice.  Great service, great food
Great  place, always do a great job I sure highly  recommend to get nail done here!!!
Eh. It's Chinese fast food. Satisfied the late night craving. They were nice at drive thru.
Rigatoni D never disappoints! As well as the flat breads,  can't beat the happy hour!
Ordered catfish dinner but was given whiting and asked for no sauce on ribs but got sauce
perfect dinner, good waiter and delicious food, will go there again.
Great Westin property.  My new home in Toronto when I am in town.
Great anniversary dinner. Justifiably recommended by our friends.  Lovely and decadent. We loved it
Dishonest, overpriced, was quoted 1600.00 for a 300 dollar brake job. Go somewhere else.
Great food. Pleasant staff. Just the kind of local breakfast joint I look for when traveling.
Nice room with small kitchen.  Excellent mountain views.  Clean.  Quick and easy check in.
Stopped in for Sunday Brunch. They need a bigger breakfast selection. Omelete bar was delicious.
Great food, great service and good prices. One of the mexican restaurants in the valley!
I always get in and out pretty fast.  The servers have always been very friendly.
Hakuna tea latte and a Vegan NomNom simply divine!  Ithis place!  Cute studious people too!
This store gives out fake iPhone charges and broke down phones.. Beware!! All around shady...
Enjoyed the decor and service at the bar. Great meals and selection of original canadian dishes.
Every time I come here I have to wait 2-3 hours. Waiting room is very uncomfortable/no tv.
Ordered eggs Benedict and sat out on the balcony - very good. Reminds me of Sara Beth's in NY.
The food was excellent food! Really tasty. Albacora with procciuto and quinoa were my favorits
Best and worst bar in Charlotte, NC
This place has delicious food and great service. Just cant get enough of the shrimp fried rice!
Yum, loved the food here.  Try the green smoothies with avocado and cilantro!
Nitrogen coffee cold brew was different, but interesting.  CO2 is infused to allow a smoother brew.
Great atmosphere! Very small bar, but it's a great place to pre-game before dinner :)
A-List. Excellent food, solid service. These guys know how to cook. Worth the walk or drive.
Not too impressed with the food, luckily we were with great friends so we had a fun time.
This is hands down one of the best places to eat. Great food and always friendly staff.
Very good sandwiches, just a bit small.  Double the meat if you want a more manly sandwich.
Off the charts amazing and authentic. Good people too who work/own the place. So delish!
U-Pack contacted me, apologized, and refunded $100. The gesture was nice and appreciated.
Wife is sick had to get some Meds. Service was ok.
very nice place for meeting friends Beautiful services. Wonderful tasting.coming for dinner
such a neat spot. consistently great food... try the hot wings, gelato, & cheese pizza
3.5 stars (round-up to 4 because it's the only sushi buffet in Akron the area).
Food was ok but a bit on the expensive side... Would try just once
MUCH better than Olive Garden and cheaper too! My new favourite Italian restaurant in Calgary.
The cornbread was the best part of the meal, all the other menu items I tried was sub-par.
See, follow-up. The mattress and headboard have held up nicely.
Horrible! Broke all 5 of my TVs and would not return my calls. Never got reimbursed for my TVs.
Great place! Wonderful spot for a romantic date night. Great food and drinks... try the margaritas!
Good family oriented resort. Great pool, slides, and free kayak rental. Room is nice and clean.
Awesome workers I would come back had my order out in 2 minutes this is place worth coming to
Great place to see a game.  Glad I am a season ticket holder and looking forward to next season.
Beef ravioli is amazing and the pizza is always great. Good service , foot and wine selections
Service was great, as always.  Everything explained and questions answered fully.  Price was fair.
Crack...cocaine...should be illegal...That is all I have to say...
The staff is always friendly and so are the doctors, they take great care of my pups when I come in!
Sean is amazing.  I've worked with a number of trainers and he is the best, hands down.
Great Walgreens. Perfect to stop in before swap meet. The manager Kelly does an awesome job
Nice credit union. Only complaint is the extreme wait to see a customer service rep, painfully slow.
A good stop on the St Pattys Day pub crawl.
Absolutely the best, if it has wheels Dino and his team will find a was to make it awesome.
Jenny is awesome.  She does great work.  Friendly staff.  Always a pleasure to be pampered at B & T.
The Property maintenance is tooo bad not even responding for any emergencies issues in time.
Lunch is mediocre here, so don't make my mistake. Go for dinner.
Go somewhere else! Bartenders ignore you unless you are gambling. Food takes forever to come out.
Live music, good service, no rushing, awesome food... Need I say more? Sign me up any day!
This is a nice theater with great theater recliners. But they are not keeping them up.
Good pizza.  Just wish they have bigger sizes.
Love this place! I always order the taro with the taro on top it's perfectly delicious!
Fantastic thai food rates among my all-time favorites on this continent.
Only Chinese place we go to. Have been going here for over 10 years. Btw the pad thai is awesome
Standard Irish pub They can pour a Guinness Boxtys don't have stinking rice in them
I got sick after eating here. Unless food poisoning is your thing don't go.
Really good. The cookies are fresh and a pretty good size. The owner was nice too.
Place is amazing! Best Korean BBQ in town! Ester was awesome!! Service was definitely the best!
Had the Tom Kah soup today at lunch.  Very flavorful.  As good as any I have had anywhere.
Cool concept but wasn't worth the hype. Cookies and ice cream were bland and tasted cheap.
Courtney was amazing. Best service I've had in Vegas thanks so much for making my stay extra special
Great place for a Saturday or Sunday brunch! Love the $15 bottomless mimosas or bloody Mary's!!
Yick. Thick sauce, dry rice, mushy veggies. Head to Hunan Solon.  It's MUCH better!
Definitely the best around!! Sesame chicken always done to perfection. And super fast service.
Love this place. Amazing food and great drinks. Knocked it out of the park
This place is great! Great food and good service! I would recommend. Lots of space to party too
Best pizza I've found in Vegas!  Worth stopping by for sure, you won't be disappointed.
Mediocre BBQ ribs, good brisket. Ribs tasted parboiled and had no flavor. Sides were bland.
Casino is very snail I ever see. The limit is very Low but you won't win even one hand.
I hated the layout of this mall. Always busy and unlike Yorkdale, could be a bit claustrophobic.
The sweet potato roll is to die for!!! Definetly worth a visit. Just wish they had bosten bay rolls!
An authentic Irish Pub on Pittsburgh's South Side. And International Soccer on a big screen.
Fun place to check out. Friend recently had her wedding here. Staff was a little uptight.
Best place to take salsa or bachata classes from! Warm environment and great instructors.
The Asian slaw is awesome. Food is pretty good, but service is sometimes hit or miss.
Best buffet in Las Vegas. Has a little bit of everything and all is high quality for any buffet.
The food was fresh and tasty. I love the price point too! way better then ayce!
store has me driving out if my way to attend this one. fast ,friendly service. plain an simple.
Stay there for 1 night. Hotel was great. Clean and nice. And, yep!~free wifi!~
Great service!  Coffee sucks.  Food is decent and overpriced.  Still like the place for atmosphere.
Didnt have much of a selection for purchase, seemed like it could be a fun place though
That was an awesome pizza delivered to my house and at 1:30am when things can look bleak!
Been here twice poor service and the food it's always old tasting. Probably the worst chili's ever.
Had a great time, I enjoyed the whoke thing, specially the performers. Props to the break dancer.
Hands down best pizza I've tried in Vegas. Wings are great too. Definitely recommend trying
Great tataki salad. great use of fruit and interesting textures in rolls. Amazing quality fish
The food is great, beer selection is out of this world. The service is TERRIBLE. Such a shame.
It was fine for a drinking hole. Sweet potato fries were typical and fine same with mozza sticks.
We had delicious zucchini bread and avocado toast! The coffee was great! We will be back!
Recent visit with outstanding service and a clean cut!
Should be closed down. Service is better at Acme Grocery store.
wonderful vegan raw foods! every item is amazeballz De-lish
Don't leave anything in the hotel room, they'll just take it... The service is also rude.
My family always went to a Greek festival in the SFV in Cali. This is close as it gets
Good little sushi spot if you live in the neighborhood.
The tacos are amazing here! But it smells like an old bleached out sunken Titanic downstairs.
Tried out this pizza place yesterday--pretty good! They have pretty decent lunch specials too.
sandwich heaven. quick. affordable. heaven. yummmmmmmmmmm. yum.
I truly enjoyed the dumpling and duck confit . Overall, it has a nice vibe and very good service.
Good flavored wings service was real friendly I will come back. Fair prices recommend the .
Didn't care for the chicken and waffles, which is a dish I normally love.
So great! The all you can eat sushi is wonderful my friends and I enjoyed everything! Thank you
A prime example of amazing customer service!  Sweet, knowledgeable and accommodating staff.
Food was onolicious! Da lobstah balls and pholicious Q is a must try. \m/
Really dig the feel and look of this place.  Great beers on tap too!
you couldn't ask for more in a convenience store or gas station. i miss you so much, QT.
Best Japanese/sushi place in Toronto. A little expensive, but worth every penny.
Delicious food, great service, beautiful ambience. Loved everything about this restaurant.
Soft music; great for quiet chatter; lots of room on a Sunday morning. Perfect lattes, so smooth.
They have the best gyros, nice and big! Also awesome customer service very cool atmosphere
Awesome bakery with delicious cupcakes/cookies and great customer service!
Very good place to go for pet meds that need to be compounded. Get it done quick.
When I received my Valentine's Say roses, they were beautiful but were dead and done in 3 days.
Improperly towed my vehicle from a lot where I had a parking pass. Lazy and unprofessional.
Yum Amazing fish fry on Fridays for Lent!!
Ana does amazing work if you want the best come see her! She does Brazilian Blow Out and color too
Joe is always helpful!  Needed an Oil Pan changed.  Best price in the Valley!  Thank you Rebel!
Thanks for pimping out my wife's bike!  You guys did an excellent job and you deserve 5 stars.
Good, but overrated with terrible service. Comparable to frozen pizza.
Great job for the price. Left sofa with a bit of excess water.  But def recommend. Will use again!!
Amazing gluten free eggs benedict! And amazing service! :) always a favorite when in town!
Food was great. Nice atmosphere and not too crowded or busy. Great location and a nice, chill vibe.
Love their black bean burger..must try menu item :P
Come for happy hour and stay for dinner. Amazing food, service, atmosphere and unique!
forgot my items  many weeks they still had them. trustworthy  , and good wrk im sold
Excellent Margaritas and DJ on the roof top was awesome. Love this place!
Great local hangout!!! Excellent place to watch all sporting events.. Must do for St Paddy's day!
Friendly staff very good food and deserts  Only problem they are to busy  Which means fresh food
Best hotel in Charlotte. The breakfast was amazing. Will come back every chance I get
I love merry maids. They are always amazing!! The house is always very clean and I trust them!!!
Amazing vegan good!! The beef and mushroom fried noodles was the best!! Fast great service!
Awesome speciality sandwhiches. The mac and cheese panini is the best. Friendly staff and fresh food
I love blended drinks, coffee and tea leaf's caramel ice blend is king. Beats Starbucks by a MILE!!
Fast delivery, nice and hot, decent this pizza, nive on phone and delivery
I thought Hometown buffet was bad, oh was I wrong.  The worst buffet yet for me.
Black green apple tea is beyond delicious. The perfect pick me up! Order with super light sugar.
I would eat here every day if I could. Best Thai in the valley.  I love the pad thai!
Delicious! Best breakfast in town. I had the chicken, apple, brie crepe and it was delicious.
Tried the prime rib pot pie, the reds burger and khao soi shrimp bowls. Tasty. Will come again.
Very nice frozen yogurt.  Try the original!
sometimes the wait sucks, but the food is awesome. The amount of food for the price is well worth it
Lost bags and so much for the friendliest airline. Do yourself a favor and fly with another company.
Insanely good, homemade masterpieces. I've lived in Middle East and this place does it right.
Greatest place.... every time i walk in i am welcomed lkle i am family.great prices and service
I love this place! Fantastic food and great service and amazing atmosphere.
Small clean fast pozoleria. We had a variety of Mexican and American breakfast and it was fantastic!
Tasty, but it's slapped together. Don't expect anything but an alternative to fast food.
Best little tacos in town! Friendly staff and cute ambiance.  Big outdoor patio. Love it!
the BEST place for pan roast EVER, hands down the choice for anyone or EVERYONE
Amazing customer service friendly staff and amazing crew always willing to go above and beyond !!!
By far the most greasiest pizza I've had in Vegas. Total disappointment.
I rented from this location they had wonderful customer service, very friendly and helpful.
Beautiful facility and great place to play and watch tennis!
Best food I've had in awhile!! The chateaubriand was worth the money!!! Such a wonderful meal.
I love this place. It's allowed me to clothe my kids, furnish many rooms and get my crafting on.
Ladies, ride that bull! Please make sure you have pants on. Try to beat my time!
Good service, good food.  Par with other Red Robin's we've been to!
Nice local bar near the Sheraton. Beats the hotel bar any day.
Lots of fun, beautiful sights from the top. Felt very safe and secure, even with a fear of heights!
Very good beef dish. Friendly service.
Nori seems to know what she is doing. I think this will be my new location . Nice place , and clean.
Hungry before you get on flight.  All I can say get some bacon fried rice . It will fill you up.
Nice indoor strip mall with a Urban outfitters Ice bar and Fat Tuesday's
Spare yourself the lack of customer service and human decency and go to another CVS.
Awesome experience, if you like hookah and tasty hand crafted cocktails you've found a gem.
Favorite place here in town and great prices!!
It is not a tea house. It's a hotel lobby bar waiting room.. there was no tea in sight
Terrible customer service, mean workers, doesn't even deserve the one star I'm required to give.
Great authentic Filipino dish! Friendly and helpful staff. I enjoy the food. It is like being home.
Horrible bar service... All Draft Beers are out on a SATURDAY! Not worth the stop.
Delicious.  Great prices.  Love the mango habanero wings!  Yum!!!
awwwh..... droool... tuna sandwich was awesome!
They put it together right. Sausage and meatball bake was a pleasant surprise, great buffalo wings.
Food is great but sooo over priced and the portions can be inconsistent and terrible for the price
Don't come here...Taco Bell is better. We had to wait 2 hours and still didn't get all of our meals.
So cozy and the girl working tonight was super cool and welcoming! Me and my boyfriend will be back!
Best yakitori outside Japan. Best yakitori outside Japan.Best yakitori outside Japan. Period.
These guys are wonderful.  They provide quality service far prices and provide a courtesy ride..
Way over priced burgers and quality was OK at best.  I will never return.  Wayne Gorsek
Simply amazing great food really quick service and lovely people serving. Will be back for sure
This is not your typical food truck but a barbecue heaven on wheels!
Great work atmosphere. Food is Always on point. Especially the rice boxes. Pricey though
I waited 25 minutes for my drink. Horrible service. Bad & worst experience at a Bdubs.
Great tasting hot dogs but not a place to be if you're trying to stay healthy.
Food not consistent, also, never saw the "bike" discount reflected in our bill...
Best Mexican in the GTA so far!  Try the mole - it's AWESOME!
Okay place nice selection of beers on tap. Decent amount of TVs. Average food selection.
Decent quality food. Their air conditioning was broken when I went. Not bad but not amazing.
So far so good!!! Matt is very helpful!!! Most reasonable place in Phoenix.
Quickest quick care ever.  Dr Kyle was very nice.  The place was very clean and not busy at all.
I am addicted to the miso hot soup with shrimp!!! So glad I gave this place another try.
Good walking trails, you can spend anywhere from 45 minutes to several hours hiking around the mesa.
Hot Honey Garlic, Medium Hot.  Best wings on earth, end of story.
The food was amazing. It was my first time at a Culver's and I am now coverted to custard for life.
i trust these friendly guys with my auto service need
loved the curry one. expensive though. hard to justify getting one.
Cheese tarts are kinda special, worth a try. Cakes are too sweet for my taste, and overpriced.
Bar tenders were awesome. Make you feel lime celebrities. Best time on the strip  #badass
Fast & efficient service, great staff. Very personable location. Highly recommended!
Je recommande. Bon menu, bonne nourriture. Nous  tions 3 couples et tous  tions tr s satisfaits.
A hidden gem hidden close to Streetsville.  Food was great (especially the potatoes!!!!)
Wishy washy, this pho place isn't consistent. Service is okay but food isn't good.
This is my favorite Baja fresh in the area. They even delivered our food to our table.
My favorite pizza in the Valley. The chevre/fennel pizza is insane. Love the staff, too. :)
Sorry to break to you but  it seems another Village  inn has bitten the dust...
Mamma mia!!!
Low-priced as long as you bring in 10 garments, convenient and they have never lost an item of mine!
Best spot for late night Thai, hands down. One of the best places in town not far from the strip.
A special person to me likes this place.. needless to say its good.  soondubu
Nice place to go for a walk through. never know what your gonna find.
Came here for lunch with my siblings! Awesome food, great Server RODNEY WAS AMAZING!!
Great location.  Staff is friendly and polite. Prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended!
Great food, service, atmosphere and overall experience. We highly recommend this Italian restaurant.
Alfredo after dark... Best dish ever! If you go around 2 you won't have to wait long.
Customer service is not all that good!!! Specially one lady there older with a bob hair do very rude
If you want delicious, sweet, affordable baked goods (and who doesn't??), get to Buettner's.
Coffee was awful tasting. Barista was unwelcoming and cold. Bad/slow service
Best gelato ever since we returned from Italia!!! My favorite chocolate and hazelnut!!! Yummy!!
Great location, excellent service, and nice facilities. Was happy with the value I received.
Very knowledgeable and reputable! Recommend to everyone. Bought our hyskie Kya, love her!
Ariana and Sylvester did a great job repairing several items on my fountain.  Thank you!
Their barista machine was broken... still made me pay full price for something else.
C' tait un superbe repas.  Excellent  Service tout  tait propre.  Je reviendrais s rement.
Very good place.  Cuban sorta was quite good.  Strawberry rasped was good also.
The Chase has the great staff, great decor. very tasty! :)
3 out of 5!  great authentic korean food; order mandu dumplings and the beef stew (so yum!)
Good food, loved the barbecue fish. Wait time is not too long. Staff are friendly too.
Awesome service awesome food! Always fast, always friendly, always delicious. Super fast delivery
Love everything about!! Great food amazing drinks Especially service from Lakey very friendly !!!
The cinnamon rolls are amazing and the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup is awesome.
Can you give less than 1 star No credit card allowed Dirty! Dirty! Idiots. Nasty people
it was okay.....small place but the food was good....large portions....
Out of town traveler and found this on yelp! Will be back next time I am in Phoenix, it was GREAT!
We got cappuccinos from here. Very slow service. And the drink just tasted okayish.
Nice place for gaming. Good vibe & music and fun people with professional staff.
Friendly and conveniently located. Love the Grilled Chicken Pita! Never a bad lunch.
Come here for sammich bread! It just melts in your mouth!  24-hours and wallet friendly!
We bought way too much. Our 13 yo boy and 15 yo girl had to be dragged out. Prices were excellent.
The store was not clean today, dirty tables..I will admit it was fast service msybe 5 minutes
Is good Chinese restaurant  good foods I like slice fish w.hot chili oil and hot Spicy beef is good
Great bakery, restaurant and fresh tortillas
Beautiful hotel and the fountains are of course amazing. Great restaurants and great casino!!!
Called in my order and it was ready to pick up when I got there. Chicken vindaloo is delish!
Fantastic! The food has great aroma and fresh taste. The beef and curry is excellent.
Favorite pho place from now on. Only place that has satay noodle and it's sooooo good.
The oatmeal was good. The fruit was crisp and the raisins plump. The sweet tea was fresh.
What can I say? The cheese curds rock and the prices are ultra reasonable.   It's a simple as that.
If you love food trucks hooly have to check this place out!! Good food priced right and always fresh
Great food, great atmosphere & great service from Blake! We will definitely be back soon.
Quick, affordable and good quality - what else can you ask for. They also repair purses
Great price, great food and the nicest staff!! absolutely amazing!! Definitely eating here again!!
Friendly and inviting. Service excellent. Food wonderful. Will definitely return. Highly recommend.
Blah and yuck! Basically a buffet.
Hands down the best in the valley! I love Eva and Hudson.  No need to look any further :)
The  best in vegas for auto services four location Tell them the two Hawaiian guys sent you
This a great place to take the family. There lots of animals to see but it's a bit pricey
We are now big OHSO fans! Loved the atmosphere and the food was fab! Happy Hour all day until 6pm!
Great food, great people. Best green chile burrito I've had in the valley! Stop in now!!!!
Best fish tacos around!!  It's the only restaurant where my husband orders and eats fish tacos.
This place never disappoints. I had oxtail, beef soup and a patty all were DELICIOUS.
Yes, ice cream sandwiches made to order.  Love them!  Highly recommended and affordable.
GF ProteinHouse Pancakes taste just like homemade only fluffier, great texture too, delicious!!!!
The building is big, I don't like the layout  and the location of where this plaza is.
Seem like nice guys. Not pushy and freely give good advice.
Switched out my phone which was nice, but I think they gave me a "refurbished" one...
Glad I didn't listen to the bad reviews.   Amazing lunch. Great atmosphere lovely service.
Great garlicky meal. Quick, friendly service. Moderate price. Large portions.  Will come again.
Awesome appetizers and cocktails and great service. They even let us split our check nine ways.
Good Burger but would recommend getting it to go. To freakin noisy in there mainly the staff.
Came here yesterday (been coming here for years) to get my nails done and their new staff
Such a cool place! Loved all the alcoholic drinks. One of the best fast food places in Vegas!
Fried pork chop and steamed chicken with green onions and soy sauce. But the waiters are idiots!
Crowded but good food and drinks.  Excellent customer service too.
Service could be better, but everything is usually quite acceptable.
Decent cheap eats, though they upsell like crazy, and push for basics (that are add ons).
Did the $100 kaiseki tasting menu. 10 courses. Amazing. Must order a few days in advance.
This is an excellent sushi restaurant.  All kind of sashimi was fresh. I love the tuna most.
We come weekly, I always order the grilled fish tacos, everything is fresh and the service is good.
Great place and atmosphere. Good food and great bartenders!.....go see Kristi she is awesome!!!!
This is a truly great hot sandwich but I'm kinda bummed they don't have a meatball option ...
I order their DOP with vegan cheese all the time, it's INCREDIBLE!
Excellent food and we were able to catch some Irish dance on Saint Patrick's loved it!!!
I had to come in to get my crown adjusted and they saw me right away without hassle.  Thanks Guys!!
Awesome salad joint. This will be a frequent stop for me. Save me from my bad eating habits!
The best Vietnamese Restaurant in Vegas ! The hotpot and the coconut snails so tasty!
This was a perfectly serviceable frozen yogurt joint.
Wide variety of food- everything is very good. Reasonable prices and a great beer list.
Very responsive and really listen.  Excellent to work with - highly recommend Jason and his team!
$3.86  Just came in to buy gas during a spring training trip.  Store was nice and clean.
Simply great! Delicious food,  fresh with lots of options. Everyone is nice and friendly.
This place is amazing  the oysters were the best thing we had and this ravioli soup was super good
Had the beer &  burger special, partner had the fish tacos. All good,  hot,  and served well.
Ambiance chaleureuse, cuisine simple mais d licieuse  Id alement, je vous recommande de r server
Best ice cream in town! The Oreo Concrete is amazing!!!
Good food and cheap .i like the pad thai seafood and tom khar it the best i never try before .
Halo Halo , snowflakes, smoothies and more  Fun new delicious spot! Great service with a smile
Amazing food. Very fast service. Must try the Pork bone soup (Kam ja tang) and BBQ ribs (La Kalbi).
Great food, good customer service, it's very small inside so you might come out smelling like food.
It's been over a year since we first dined and I'm happy to eat here anytime! Traditionally Amazing!
Excellent shop. Good service. Good prices. Factory trained mechanics get it right the first time.
Standard Walgreens. Nice employees. Pretty decent area for the store.
It's one of the the smaller clubs in Vegas. It really only caters to VIP table customers.
Crappy car wash! Windshield didnt even get blown dry at all! Go to Cobblestone, wayyy better!!
Should you make the mistake of signing a lease here, may I be the first to say: WELCOME TO AUSHWITZ.
Shrimp and grits... nuf said!
One of my favourite places to go for soon tofu.  Great apps and the rice is in the stone pot.
Not great, with an extra $5 you can go someplace down the street that does an amazing job...
Nice coffee house with a cozy atmosphere and friendly staff.
An oasis of great taste in a sea of ordinary food.  Foodies - you can call this place home.
Cutest date spot in the area.  music and incredible service. Do yourself a favour and drop by!
We liked the chili and the onion rings were great! We'll go back, again. I want to try the dessert!
Always a pleasure.  Efficient, on time, friendly, professional, and comfortable.
great burgers, juicy, messy, tasty, but its a crowded little unwelcoming space, get it to go.
Thank you so much dr caster and Laura for everything you guys have took my pain away :) !!
Good clean cuts for a decent price. I paid 22.60 for a haircut and line. Ask for Amid!
Expensive prices for the portions they give.
What a great show!  He is funny and his "cast" is extremely entertaining!
I have been a customer of this place for 15 years. I have always loved the people Jeff and Vicki.
Don't let the name fool you, this place should in Scottsdale ! It's fine class dining
Fantastic breakfast spot. Gourmet food, intelligentsia coffee, patio seating, amazing hash browns.
This is our favorite date night place. The food and the staff have always been awesome.
Good prices but bad smell throughout the store.  Maybe because building was closed up for so long.
Great store!  They have all the latest trends with the top designers!  Great seasonal sales too!
Solid place to hit up before a baseball game.
Great customer service and the garlic parmesan wings are sooo good specially when its extra crispy!
Update!!! This is harassment instead of offering to fix my hair I get harassed and called a lier!
Kids had a great time. We stock up on the survival gear. ZOMBIES are real!!!!
great spot for breakfast or lunch...nice staff....bacon lovers paradise!!  Mike
Very expensive. I was not impressed with the quality of food
Try the double double animal style!
One of my favorite hotels in las vegas. So beautiful!!
The slaw and duck are very very good. the oyster ceaser was not. Overall a great place to go.
It's trendy and fun, decently priced, great location. I'd recommend it to anyone in the area.
First timer! Very good food and staff was informative and friendly. I'll definitely be back.
Great steak, great atmospheric and terrific service. Unfortunately, all of this comes at a cost.
The best detailing and service I have ever had.  This family operation is a class act.
Best turkey burger I've ever had I highly recommend everyone need to try this burger spot !
Incredible food and incredible service. Can't wait to visit again! This Californian loves Barrio!
loved it. Very fun for the kids. But a bit too dark inside.
Good for breakfast or brunch, Very conveniently located near the Farmers Market. Great service
They just hired this new barista and she's super nice and her drinks are amazing!!! I Heart Deb!
power outage been here 20 minutes and no breakfast wow looks like we are going to leave soon.
Authentic Northern-style Vietnamese food that hard to find where else.
The mushroom soup base is my favourite!! Nice food! Nice service! Definitely come back
You got to try the protein pancakes!!!!!!!! The best pancakes I have ever tried!
Great health club with all the perks! They really pay attention to serving the members.
Thank you for your service. Very good customer service and lice free. Highly recommended
Friendly service, world class pizza, low price, 3 small tables to eat in and open until late.
Got the vegetarian platter - excellent!  Service was wonderful, as well.
Came here with my family last week, food was great, service was ok. will definitely come back again.
Great family owned restaurant. Best diner in Pittsburgh. Great food and friendly service.
Love this place just as good as the ones in New Jersey where we have the best food in the nation!
Really disliked my experience with Air Canada. Customer Service was terrible at Pearson Airport.
Second time going to Frank for brunch. Had the eggs benny. Delicious as always and great service.
Chips were extremely salty.  Fish tacos were bland.  Nice atmosphere and friendly service.
This place is Amazing! And Momma's rice pudding... Good god! Never not get the rice pudding!
Enjoyed a "Community" or 2. Loved the place. Who has a welded steel bar? (I'm a welder)
Food is pretty decent, very hipster/queen street vibe. Brunch is also pretty decent.
Very nice place to take kids and people who collect m& ms. Very nice people working there.
Best Coffee Shop food around and the staff is super nice.  A bit pricey though.
My experience here was okay. Burger was just okay. The only good thing was the cajun fries!! BOMB!
This place is always slow. We almost always leave while waiting in line to get our food.
Went for lunch. Great vibe! Fresh flavors! Honored gluten and dairy free needs. Awesome view!
My forth time here and everything is super good...I am transported  to Greece everytime!
Saw this for the second time and it did not disappoint. Great show and great performers.
Bulgogi dinner is fantastic. Service was great. Perhaps my favorite Korean restaurant now!
Check out secret pizza! A good modern designed casino. Lots of restaurants, worth checking out.
WOW!!! This coffee is GOOD!! Thanks Yelp for finding this place for my wife and I!
Fun experience for 16 dollars per person.
I've been sitting here for 30 minutes and have not been acknowledge. Don't come here.
Fresh and delicious every single time! Love the rolled tacos with chicken.
INCREDIBLY slow delivery service. Spent hours waiting for food to arrive.
Amazing steak for lunch, and Monday they have a special desert that is just amazing !!! Must go !!
Food here is pretty good.  Decently priced.  Closes much later than what's shown on Yelp.
Great experience, these "Fellas" know how to cut all types of hair.
Chiles en Nogada!  The best dish ever!!  You have to try it.  Seriously.  Barrio Cafe rocks!!!
This place is so much fun for the kids to just get out and run around. And it's a nice walk for you.
Great pizza but caprese salad do not get. I spent 10 dollars on it and the tomatoes were disgusting!
I'm still dreaming about the fried cheese curds!
Food is really flavorful! The service is a little slow, but most of the time it is worth the wait!!
Not a very good place to get Chinese food. The taste is okay but not as rich as I expected..
The best date night spot!  Saw Purple Rain...loved the whole vibe!  Highly recommend!!!
The patio is great. The prices are ok. The staff are friendly and funny!
Great Service... Renee is so kind & informative! I'll be back for more services soon.
well the wait was over took my sweetie there for her birthday on anuary 25th
Amazing stake cuts, the service is phenomenal, I highly recommended the bacon filet mignon
The best thing about Li Wah was the food it was great. Service was good.
Had the tacos (their most popular item) - did not disappoint. Delicious, healthy stuff.
Great service, 100% success for me, and the lifetime reprogramming is fantastic.
Love this place best gdl food in town..i fedl veru close to my home town when im visit this place...
Super good service, And awesome food! Burgers are amazing!!!
One of the best clubs at Vegas! Music was great! Staff is super friendly and helpful.
Love their food, especially the sweet potato wrap. Unfortunately food prep is so incredibly slow.
The Banh Mi is without question one of the best things I have ever eaten.  Seriously.  Get you some.
Good bar food. We'll be back to watch sporting events and sit on the patio
Sushi was fantastic, service is even better, great atmosphere all around good experience
Now that it's Cobblestone it's worse than before. Terrible wash, long wait, more expensive.
Amy needs to get her ass in gear and make me some coffee, stat!
Great food, Really great Cook, feels like I'm back home in the 808. Love it here, preferred Cash
Love this place, had a huge steak salad for lunch along with the mozzarella cheese sticks.
Great atmosphere, and a good place to study. Id recommend you stick to beverages and desserts.
Love this place.  Justine is a superstar and always does a fabulous job with my lashes.
Tried the Nitrogen Cold Brew...... pretty good. Like a cross between a dark beer and a coffee.
We had the Oxtail Chili Fries and Pork Belly Steambuns for appetizers
Love this place! They always have cheap product and excellent meat prices.
Always enjoy this little spot. Good food done well. Had the cuban for lunch. It was outstanding.
Good Place,Delicious food,Fantastic Staff,Pretty Girls,Love this Place . Thx you Tony :-)
Great food and friendly service. Can't beat it for a nice neighborhood spot.
One word describes our dining experience...AWESOME! Great food, great atmosphere, great service!
Great place to bring the family, good prices and so fun to make your own sandwich or taco!
Favorite burrito spot in this part of town. Fresh ingredients and consistently delicious!
They aight. Just slow. But they're students. Got a good color job. Not so good haircut.
Dear Air Canada,   I wish to inform you that YOU SUCK!  Sincerely, Ex-customer.
Cool spot to grab some breakfast, quality food and nice staff.
In-n-out is one of the best american food chain. The burger, fries , buns are freshly made.
I'd eat here everyday if possible. The food is great and the staff are funny and courteous.
Food was great! Atmosphere was nice along with our server! Will defiantly be coming back!!
Nom nom nom.  Great lattes. I like the vibe of the phx location--very chill.
Dirty Chai (w/ almond milk) AMAZING. I went out of my way to get this drink!
Everything from El Polo Loco is not very tasteful to me. Food you can make your own at home. #Basic
Great food, origin flavor from china, hard to found a authentic Chinese food like this around here.
Girls are always so friendly and coffee is just how I like it. Kayla and Valerie are the best.
Very nice cafe. Not expensive but excellent decorations and coffee. Macarons look nice and beautiful
Amazing  food very friendly staff and the  hurricane  is  super strong. .oooooo lord!!!
Michele Hunter is very professional office is a beautiful space Not to mention the best injector
Four stars for these bagels and pretzels. Right from the oven, still warm. Just perfect!
Sammy was a dope barber, took his time which I appreciate and killed the cut and beard trimmer
Love this place. The service is always awesome and so is the food! Decently priced too!
Very bad food . Had chicken teriyaki with rice .. So bad I had to trash it.. Stale food .. ....
Love this place! I'm a big meat eater but had brunch here last week.  Soooo good! Black beans...wow
This is a nice place to live.  It was easy and has since made my life easier.
We had the egg Benedict and polish sausage & egg with banana nut bread , it was so good !!!
Yuck & $11.25 and four small shrimp..Skip this kids. Not even close to Chipotle quality.
I love this place and it's staff!!!  Everything on the menu is amazing. You can't go wrong.
Thank you this morning for the best on the go protein shake, muscle milk banana flavor, love you qt!
Decent enough for a work cafe when you need a quick lunch/bfast but nothing special.
a Aecent coffee house but both the staff and the crowd that hangs here are intellectual sobs.
The Jameson burger. Buy it. Eat it. Fall in love.
Had veggie  eggs Benedict today...so delicious!!!  Freshest English  muffin.  Yum!
Excellent service! Helped sell my father-in-laws house in 1 week at the asking price.
Great service!!  Fast and efficient. They estimated 6 hours for my move and completed it in 4.
Friendly barristers, accurate drinks and good music make for a good non-alcoholic "happy hour" bar.
Their cheesecake is way better than uncle tetsu's..a must try.  Beef broth is good too..
Update *** I emailed customer service as they indicated, but received no response.
I had the best Lamb Burger in this place !! It's my go to item on the menu so far .. simply the best
Over priced!  But then again it is the Las Vegas strip!! Cool atmosphere, typical food.
Not thrilled at all. Had to try but back to Faustos it is. Bland food. Service only plus.
Great food for a Hotel Bar.  They also serve Stiegl - I love it.
fun place, good food and lots of people.. would recommend.. hard to park though, must valet.
I love it and I love Benihanas il be honest had more flavor and gave yu more food on plate
Nice
Best Buffet in Vegas.  Price is worth the selection.  Love the king crab and the BBQ pit.
Good, solid panera.  Nothing extraordinary, but you know what you're getting.
Really cool atmosphere, great beer selection. Definitely worth it for drinks and a snack!
Just had an interior detail, and I wish I could give Paul six stars. The car is better than new.
I don't eat enough to make the $$ worth it but I can't complain about anything I ate.
So glad I found this gem! Such a wonderful atmosphere, friendly staff and amazing food!
It's ok....nothing special, but the lighting needs to be improved
Great food and service!!! Thank you Ragin Cajun!!!  Our server Gina was a delight!!
Super cheap, awesome perks rewards system, constant deals going on, and nice employees.
The chicken parm sandwich is incredible. The bread is crusty outside and soft inside! I'll be back!
Found a great deal on an Graco infant car seat. The staff was friendly. Place is clean.
Pork bone soup for the price is one of the best.  I can't say I order anything else here.
Great Afghani food option. They have the largest menu and the Tandoori plate is really good.
Great family and meeting place. Food great especially the Kale and chicken soup! Patio spacious .
Nachos app was really good. I had the Mac n cheese, it was also good. Great waitress.
Great place with a fantastic menu. the food & pricing was right up there. Very delicious all around.
I am not even a coffee drinker, but their coffee & ice cream mixed drinks are amazing.
Friendly staff, and always great customer care. Doctors are always friendly and helpful
Decent food but very very expensive. Try the south Indian food - very good stuff, avoid dosa.
This is our favorite place to get our froze drinks and for a 1 a extra shot can't beat that
Fantastic hotel and fine restaurants. I ate at Northside and 800 Degrees. Both were phenomenal.
In terms of value Chinese food, this place is top notch.  I've not had a bad experience yet.
GO FOR BRUNCH!  crispy pork belly benedict and unlimited mimosas.....ya...let that marinate.
Breakfast burritos on the delicious and  on the cheap. Friendly staff and coffee came free.
Quick, easy, yummy takeout. Try the veggie lo mein...
Great view of Aria's lobby, but more importantly Wasabi peas!
Ordered gourmet white fish temaki. The fish is ok fresh.  The rice is not sushi rice. Not authentic.
This place is great during the day, but by night: ATTACK OF THE DOUCHEBAGS!!!!
Our favorite restaurant in Arcadia! Great service, food and staff.
Nice hidden Italian alcove in mentor. Nice atmosphere and good service but a bit pricy for Italian
Great food, service and drinks. Happy hour is good also! So indulge it's worth it!  Cheers!
Best restaurant in the valley.  Great atmosphere, amazing food and so many TVs.
Great pizza! Red sauce is the best.  Replaces Rosatis for our pizza cravings.
- love the patio that overlooks a pretty ravine - yummy food
One liner going to entrance. Purchase tickets on-line so easy in and not a lot of waiting.
Sue did an amazing job on my cake! It was delicious and beautiful!
Lady had the worst attitude and made a Fucked up ass sandwich 1030am Tuesday 5/3/16  rediculouse
Make sure you get Cassaundra hollaway as your bartender she is very friendly and awesome
Thumbs down service.  All the reviews regarding the staff are spot on. BEWARE of this establishment.
Best service! Was told 20 mins.. Walked out in 11. Super nice and professional. Thank you Justin!!!
Ruth's Chris is terrific in every way.  Service, steaks and ambiance were outstanding.
i luv dis shit man i pooped 2 times today!!!!!!!!! #420starbucksforlife
Dr Belisle is the sweetest doctor ever!! I would recommend her to all my friends!
the Duck Confit andwitch and fresh salad with blucheese was amazing
Brandi is awesome. She is so friendly, had amazing customer service, and smiled the whole time!
Decent place for a straight forward car wash. I really wish the vacuum wasn't so limited.
Got the Chicken Satay banh mi. Was good
My favorite buffet. Lots of variety! More on the expensive side but very well worth it!
This store has long lines slow cashiers. Worse then walmart. Always annoyed when I come here.
Hands down Best Biryani in Phoenix Area .
Overcrowded, but well worth the wait. You get what you pay for and this place is worth every cent.
Very comfy seats. Hard to find parking during lunch but its a good place to eat. Good looking food.
Cheap food cheap and cold and plentiful beer, and good baseball, whats not to like !!?
Great mariscos at a great price. Service is awesome and fast. I recommend this place to everyone.
Thanks for the help on the rims I orders somewhere else . Very professional very good price .
Great little find in Streetsville.   Great atmosphere, especially during a football (soccer) game.
Enjoyed my stay there. Room was spacious with a beautiful view. Will definitely return
This is the best  The work's are so friendly This place is better than Star Bucks coffee
Been meaning to go for a while; pleasantly surprised. Beef and barley soup ad blt is A OK with me!
This is the most amazing Sushi resturant ever.  Novi perfect server
Love the mu shu!
My favorite sushi place when I come in to town! Clean, & always busy. Sushi is always so fresh!
Really sucks for the price. They are trying to pass off cheap roast beef as prime rib!
Very addicting!  I go there every chance I can!  Clean, open space, great service!  Amazing food!
Great place for fast falafel.  Not the BEST but pretty darn good and reasonably priced.
Mauricio is fabulous! He is a whizz at color and fantastic haircut. I will be back many times!
CJ and the guac were Da bomb.com! Perfect for Happy Hour!! Awesome Margaritas and whiskey!
A great little spot with a super friendly staff! Orange Chicken 4.5/5 Plus, Yao Ming's been here!
Latest victim of the recession.  It's closed and I'm kinda depressed now.
Awesome, great staff. Menu to please all tastes. Highly recommend for groups or a date night.
This place is amazing ! They have great products and great customer service. I highly recommend!
Great East Coast Deli  The Owner's are good people love to talk to both the  husband and wife.
Reliably tasty with fast, friendly service.
Good food, excellent service, and reasonable portion sizes (not too much, not too little).
Love this place!!  The California breakfast club is amazing!!  Love it had a drive thru!!
Avoid this restaurant.  Food was bland.  Presentation was pathetic.  Poor service was the trifecta.
Awesome place to chill and nerd out. Friendly staff, huge selection of games and cool customer base.
Horrible.  Not worth holding on to the leftovers... nor eating the first time.  Very disappointed.
Great little place! Delicious ice cream and shakes.
Old time Vegas is persevered at the Golden Steer Steakhouse.
Great theater 3D screens and lots of screens huge place my fav place Tue.all day is a discount
Portions suck here which is why it's hard to justify going back or giving it a good rating.
We love this library! Great educational programs for kids, tons of computers, and a coffee shop!
Amazing animals.  I cannot imagine someone going to a pet store when all these pets are available.
this is good mustard but it has gone way far up in price recently and I stopped using it
Place is pretty simple, cheap and the pizza is nice and oily, but warm out of the oven.
Great WI fare. Friendly staff and nice location on the Square, looking at the Capitol lawn.
Best shake in Vegas!! Salted Caramel with Bourbon, they nailed it. Burgers are amazing as well.
I love A&W!  Great food, super great root beer on tap!  Good value, good food, what's not to like.
Chicago dogs are great! Our office goes here on occasion for lunch and I've never been dissapointed.
Michael is the best! Fast, good breaks, food, keeping passengers Hydrated, and hilarious!
Ericka, our server was very welcoming and the food her is delish.. Two thumbs up, for sure!!
The best food here is the pizza. I tried many other items in the menu. The waiter was friendly.
First time diners and super impressed.  Excellent service, super fast and meals were delicious!
Good food and price but bun bo hue was a bit thin and watery
Daniel Lorenzo is the bomb. He restored my hair from tragedy to perfection!!  Love him!
Always a fun place to eat with quick service and great food. My kids favorite place to eat in Vegas!
My favorite Burger place, fresh ingredients and friendly staff a bit pricey but worth it.
Great food and fun atmosphere. Gino is the best !   He always makes you feel so welcome
Love this place. Everything is always cooked to perfection. Order the Baked Goat Cheese to start!
Great cheesesteak.  New fresh cut fries are such an improvement. Check these guys out!
Excellent Cuban pastries love the guava and cheese and the plain guava. Good mil hojas too.
Great class times! Suits my busy schedule. Love the 430 body pump on Thursday's!
Great coffee,  very wide selection of wine with fun add-ons, and food is great as well.
Great, clean inviting place. They carry top of the line products, you have to try the SNS nails!!
Great service. Always helpful and are trustworthy. Would take my car back time and time again.
Great hotel - nice staff, very clean, lots of stuff to do here and nearby
Great perfume and cologne. And the packaging is so creative.  The grind and shine is my favorite!
amazing experience.. worth every $$$$$.. filet is probably the best.. crab salad excellent!!
Great service, great food, and great prices. This place does not disappoint. I will be back :-).
Delicious.. whole hog is an awesome sandwich! Will do again.. Mac and cheese so good.
Totally excellent small restaurant.  Savory crepes.  Friendly owner.
What a rip off!  $50 for two drinks is absolutely ridiculous!   Will not ever return to this place!
Ugh. Airport food. Good beer.
Excellent Italian food! We loved it so much, we went back instead of finding a new place to try!
Service and food is great. Still a little too smokey in the dining room but overall good.
Cool new place. Worth coming back  had a matcha crepe with matcha ice cream... Heaven!!!
Not a good store for customer service at all. Very rude staff.
By far the best aquarium I've ever been to. A must-see if you're visiting Toronto.
The pastries tasted old, stale, and very basic. Definitely not worth the price they charge.
Food was great! I just didn't feel like I was actually in Greece which is what I was looking for..
The food and service was delicious!! The waiters are awesome. Highly recommend this place!!!
Good clean pours... Great nachos
Bar service very slow. Only college games on, but food was good.
Solid food and really nice people, if it was not so far away from my house i'd go more often
$0.30/gal for water?! Exact change only. Laaaaaaame.
Authentic food at a reasonable price!  People are extremely nice. I'll be coming back!
Really delicious and nutritious spot, that also provides tasty treats  great friendly staff.
Very good guys, on time and very professional. Love the paving job. Very reasonable cost wise.
Love this place!   From their beer to their food and service they rock!  Favorite place in Madison.
Excellent seafood, we had the Yonge plate and some appetizer after, it was a great meal.
The namesake japango roll is tastey, make sure to try the black sesame ice cream if you like sweets.
Great late nite bite for Vegas!
Overpriced. Underwhelmed. That about sums it up. Would not visit again if i get to choose.
Good hangar steak, fritters are great.
One of my favorite Korean BBQ place in LasVegas. I love their dessert they give at the end too:)
Service was good. Food not so good. Eggs Benedict was without any taste. Waffle was ok.
Really cool view of the capitol building but the only thing that wowed were the cheese curds.
My family has used this place multiple times... Always fast service and reasonable prices.
Favorite place to eat in vegas. Fun atmosphere but a little loud at times.
This place has the best French onion soup ever. Good atmosphere and good service.
Best wonton soup in vegas.. its not americanized..real chinese dumpling with lots of shrimp!
basic chinese food with decent portions and price.
Fresh, tasty and very authentic! I am definitely going to be a regular here :)
Great place to relax with free wifi. Best coffee in Vegas, along with some great food.
What's special about this location is they carry the Kickapoo brand coffee!
Walk in there all confused and overwhelmed left feeling like a million bucks.
Food too salty, lack of seating space, airport alarm frequently goes off
This is one of the hidden gems around Pittsburgh. Best place to go for lunch around the mall!
It was alright for a buffet. A bit crowded. Lots of food selection with a few tasty choices.
Darn good food for Oregon. Might even be the best restaurant in town
Racist and impolite .... to say the least.
So delicious if you wanna gain extra pounds :) really enjoyed our meal there. Bon bagay
Fantastic drinks. The bar itself is fun and goofy. Excellent music. Absolutely my favorite bar.
Stale cone, asked for chocolate sprinkles, and got rainbow.
Great peppermint mocha & sea salt caramel mocha!! Starbucks who??? Great staff & great coffee.
The pond is in desperate need of a clean up if they want to continue to upgrade the rest of the park
Best location in town! :)
THE BEST fish fry! welcoming, efficient service and an excellent bar... What more could you ask for?
need to find a chef that can cook a hot meal. cold food served!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! service sucks
Such a special spot! It's expensive but the food is amazing ! The brunch is to die for.
Healthy fast food drive -thru. What could be better? My go to order is a vegan buzz and soup!
I enjoy every time I go? I like their music and clean place as well nice services nice food
Love the place fresh food nothing over cooked great price
Hungry going home passed by a&w and stock up with buddy burgers!  Fries are salty here
Very nice Starbucks. Visit this one in the mornings usually getting gas the Fry's next door.
Cute decoration, great survice and I got the natural lashes I asked for!!! Totally worth the price!
Highly recommend! You will receive the best care ever! We are so thankful for Dr. Jacofsky.
Awesome food. Great service! Don't have any complaints. This was my first time here and I loved it!
Honestly still my favorite pizza since college.  Classic, consistent, you can't go wrong!!
Great place for a bowl of pho.  Highly recommend, we even got freebie appetizer (spring rolls) yum!
Absolutely amazing. The green chili pork tips are my favorite!
Fantastic steak!!! Best I have ever had, and had and had. Great service, fantastic price.
Average food , dull ambience. Not worth the money, would not like to visit this place again.
I took my two miniature doxies here and they did a fantastic job!
Heard the food is good. Didn't try it. Early AM guy is annoying but all in all good place!
John is the best barista! She always has a smile on his face and always makes me feel welcome!
I loooove their chicken shwarma pita. Good quick service during lunch time and friendly wait staff.
Love this place! The people are friendly and they do a fantastic job!
This place is good the food was delivered before time given and was hot. Taste was awesome!
I never felt the effects of alcohol until I came here. EVIL!
bad customer service - you feel like a burden as soon as you walk in.
all the food was good. shredded pork wowwww ;)
Yasser, you must have this confused with z-tech. Good luck to you in the future. Get some therapy.
I have only been once, and I thought it was pretty tasty. I got one of the ramen chicken bowls
free!  save your feet ache!
Horrible customer service. Specially the manager. Don't waste your money in this place.
i love this company!, Customer Service is  literally the BEST in the Biz.   Saw great shows!
Happy Hour!! Great time to bring the kids too. Also mojitos are good too!
It's a small Starbucks but is inside the Bank of American building.  No pluses, no minuses.
Food not as well prepared as phx mkt.  This is my 4th attempt. But i still like the cookies.
Awesome new vape shop delicious premium flavors. Great deals on e juice good music fun atmosphere.
Great event for a great cause! They had a lot vendors, good information, location was perfect!
Nice place, they repaired my phone and gave me a loner. Employees are nice and helpful too.
Good food, smaller plates like tapas style. A bit on the pricey side for what you get.
These were so-so. The juicy dumplings were not as juicy as other soup dumplings I've had.
Great selection of unique pizzas.  I was really impressed with the customer service here.
Fun place to eat, great ambiance ,  excellent food  , excellent service!!
Mediocre, nothing special, but still enjoyed getting my mani pedi recommend for a regular place.
Really good pizza and great atmosphere! We will be back, assuming we can find parking.
The long lines are worth the wait. Stellar ice cream in Montreal.
Great food love the old bay French frys!
I really enjoyed this restaurant. Nice staff. Good vegan food. Too bad there isn't one at home.
Good food overall. But nothing special. But it is ayce so cant be too picky. Surf & Turf is great.
Amazing customer service friendly staff and amazing crew always willing to go above and beyond !!!
and so we meet again.. Sushi and shashimi yammmmy.
Great service, Beautifully displayed food, food is good, great lunch deals!
One of the first places I choose to go when hungry! :) Love their chicken salad and chicken kebab
They all way take care of of Daisy. Make her look so cute. They are the best at a good price.
They are my favorite place for chocken fingers. And the best lemonade and dipping sauce
Very very expansive restaurant, a small hot sake $78. Potion very small , but they make good food ,
Pretty damn good.  The veggie samosa was yums.
James was the best!!!! He has a great attitude and makes the atmosphere very welcoming...
Love this little gem of a store.  Super cute and has a wide variety of awesome stuff in it!
Started going here after a terrible fall, they have helped me tremendously.
Best BBQ in town in my opinion. You can't go wrong stopping in here for lunch or dinner.
Good food but the place is getting run down.
The chief is small and tastes kinda gross the pizza is good..but other locations are better
Not a fan. Food is not the best and the service was terrible the two times I have visited.
Cakes are not super sweet. Real buttercream. Red velvet was soggy & tasted different. Nice designs.
We had breakfast here one morning and it was lovely.  Food was delicious and it was Vegas-spendy.
Best thing about this hotel is that Carnival Court is right next door!!!!!
The portions are great. The food is so tasty you can't stop eating. Best date for a breakfast.
Went here today with grandkids for lunch. Good food fast and we had a wonderful server.
Excellent everything.  Tacos are unique and tasty.  Service is as good.  Very warm folks.
Food, drinks and service here are great. Only thing I dislike is the poor waitressing
Terrific!   Very old-timey feel. Highly recommend the Turtle Sundae.
I have to say its a good lunch spot and good pricing. Always busy and the Mac & Cheese is great!
They helped me out when I really needed it. They did a great job and have big hearts to boot!
Great food and awesome staff. Make sure you bring extra time with you. This place is hopping!
Love this Sprouts! Definitely a busy store. Well stocked and friendly customer service. A++
Excellent service from Melody and Alisha. Fast friendly and food is great authentic Italian!
This is a great little Chinese restaurant. They are fast with service and reasonably priced.
Fun. Clean. Great ice. :) love the Happy Camper! Can't wait to try the mint Oreo custard.
My post-surgical cryotherapy treatments are progressing well! #cold
Not a good experience appetizer took 30 minutes and 12 wings was going to take an hour and a half
I decided to give it a shot and I was left impressed. The ombre looks so good! Thank you team!
Excellent Montreal bagels!!! They use sweet honey water. Totally different than Jersey bagels.
This place is insanely good. Great food, great bar and awesome atmosphere.   Highly recommended!!
$10 All you can eat Lip Smacking Indian Buffet, What else do you need!!
Amazing beers, good food an attentive staff and lots of space. Sounds like a win to me!
This place has amazing lunch specials. Anything I've ordered outside of that I haven't liked.
Whats a fun place!  Great food and great Tequila!  Always busy and friendly service!
Ever on the go for some decent eel sushi and delicious crab puffs?  Well, here is the place
awesome bbq, I had the pulled pork and chicken and it was as good as it gets.
Very good! The cupcakes we had very moist and flavorable. The lady working was very sweet!
Amazing job on a old College Recognition chair. It looks like new! I will try to upload a picture.
Undoubtedly some of the most over priced, terrible food in the city. Unfriendly, staff to boot.
How is it possible that Starbucks doesn't have any regular coffee? Only selling specialty drinks
delicious fresh place thats quick
Great sevice!!! Nice setting, and affordable. Definately will be back
Fresh oysters, interesting design -liked open kitchen concept.  Definitely not 5 stars ...
Love this store!  Don't need eBay anymore for my Hello Kitty limited edition needs lol
Raul is the f*^%%g man! Best bartender ever! Great drinks great service. RAUL 4 PRESIDENT!!
The food, atmosphere and service here are great, this is my new fav vegan spot in Vegas.
Scheduled appointment and still had to wait 2 hours in pain. Horrible place should hire more people.
Excellent and fast service. I highly recommend Royalty Carpet Cleaning.
shawarma plate: lots of lettuce, no condiments at all.
Don't ever trust these " Guys."
Food is average. Service is good.  Ambiance is excellent....  Its really open and spacious...
Super fun store.  Best gifts EVER!! JJ is a doll!! Ty!!!!!!
Very yummy burekas! Only problem was that they ran out of cheese burekas super early :/
The oxtail fries are the best chili fries I have ever had.  Ronin burger is also great.
Nice if they have what you're looking for.  Limited selection can be a plus or a minus.
Fun, fun atmosphere with very attentive service.  Nice varied choices on the menu.  Good food.
Do not go on Veterans Day! They do not recognize the holiday !!! Rude !
Best place in town to get window tint. Customer service was great and our cars look amazing.
Excellent food slow service  Romi
Great new Polynesian cocktail lounge on Spring Mountain . . . don't miss the Dole Whip!
Taste does NOT justify the wait. I was disappointed.
"I ate like a pig" ( Pumba voice)  This place was amaaaaazing. Especially the desserts :)
Skilled is an understatement. Sadie and Ronaldo are top of the line for custom, stylish cuts.
Love this place because you don't know about it. Please don't ruin it for us. Stay home!
Always amazing. If you can - get the pumpkin ice cream with granola mushed in. Incredible.
The waitress called my friend "the baby". It was amazing       Also the food was really good
The best people and staff, great a/c service, ask for Corey, he is the best guy to have.
Most disappointing selection of food and gross not worth $20 take your money somewhere else
Excellent service, atmosphere and food. Oh, and the beer on tap is great, too! Love this place!
Totally fun. We did the first of the rooms, the least scary one and it was challenging but doable.
Great dinner & great prices for Southern Italian food.  Excellent service from our server.
Great service and great dr!  Thanks guys. My back feels much better. Continued alignment is key.
outstanding place, authentic highly recommend the Rubin sandwich!!!!!
i always make time to stop by this foot spa when in town.
Exceptional customer service. Provides excellent feedback. Are appointments are easily made
New Guatemalan blend is my favorite. :-D  Mmmm!   I'm here way too often, but I like it.
It's great to have Vegan options in Plum. Love supporting a small hardworking business.
I like this place. I don't get there often, but it's a nice place to hangout to watch sports.
Yup, hands down the best buffet in Vegas. A little pricier then most but still awesome buffet.
Ordered Tiger Rolls and some Prime Rib Eye Shabu. All were delicious including their dipping sauces.
Came with a large party. Great service, wonderful venue. Will be back! Loved the Shaken Beef.
Great selection of food for a good price. Always go here for lunch when I want to go to a buffet.
Overpriced and good was not great. Lacking in flavor and service. Bread plate was the best part.
Excellent place with friendly people!!  Love grabbing a cold beer on a hot day there!
Was not happy with my first experience, but management did a good job and fixed my car properly.
Nice location and store!  Nice people work there too. Coffee is gooooood.
Word on the street is that South Central is the best station in the Valley.
Amazing Service! Saira is amazing, you are getting a great quality of service here.
Great pasta dishes! The pizzas are very beautiful and unique..I will try the breakfast one next:)
The food is amazing, there is a wonderful view of the strip, and the live music was incredible.
Friendly, great flowers. I am staring at a bouquet that is looking great on its tenth day home.
Great deals! Awesome for seasonal wear, books and toys.
Took excellent care of daughter who was hurt in a soccer game.  Thank you for your awesome help.
Overpriced, slow service and ok food. We went thinking it was happy hour but that is only Mon-Fri.
Something has changed in the past year. Food has gone from awesome to blah. Won't order again.
Best. Baba. In. Cleveland.  Hands-down. Delish. I'm there at least once a week getting takeout.
Old fashioned style.Not much in the way of design. The people are super field
Love this place!  Food is always great and the service top notch!
I love the congee . Definitely I go back again . Exellent customer service  Restaurant was clean .
Melts in your mouth, not in your hands...synonymous with many other things in Vegas.
the only thing that ever happened to me and my family in the future please click here to join us
Good guys good pizza  First time crust could have been better sauce was good cheese bread was best
Best teas in Vegas, & the food is tasty especially the monkey balls and the musubi's are on point
Great experience. Friendly, knowledgable staff. The Buffalo Cauliflower was delicious. Will return.
Not bad.  Chips and guacamole.....$16.00. Well, kinda steep in my opinion. Service was excellent.
Dion is awesome super up beat and friendly thank you for making my night that much better!
Great classic dishes. Love the service. Great place, highly recommend. We go several times a month.
Love paradise nail bar!  Everyone is always super nice and I love the relaxed feel of the salon!
Cheap menu, food is just OK. Good enough for its price. Service could be worked on.
Love the prices and the selection...  Heck I found my aunts fave teen idol record here, sweet!
Nice brunch spot in the area. But I found that food is nothing special.  Not worth to wait and cost.
cute place, not bad for korean bbq but reasonably priced! good bean paste soup and brisket
They serve boba tea and just opened today 12/16/14 really clean and modern look people were nice
Great service always fast cashiers always I love to go and buy our groceries best estore in vegas
Great food little. pricey but great service. Desserts are amazing it real nice place.
Good food and atmosphere.  Dishes were very generous.  The dessert sampler is to die for.
Cherry bomb blend and a homemade scone or muffin could the best start to anyone's day.
Amazing food and service. This is my first time having Brazilian BBQ and I totally love it!
This is a fun bar. The owner is a gem. With the right band it's a great place to dance.
Best place that I've sat down at in Las Vegas where the food is actually worth the money!
The only place I go to for my nails! Best service and great price!
Friendly staff while having amazing fried chicken that's tender and full of flavor . Nuff said
Pizza was really dry the last time... I can forgive once because usually food is delicious.
Food is always excellent and price is unbelievably cheap. Only downside is the line ups.
Next time the family and I are in Montreal, la Banquise is on our list!  Great Poutine!
Incompetence. I literally had to give up. I never thought getting a bagel could be so difficult.
Nice restaurant and food was awesome. I highly recommend the gnocchi.
Best Noodles I haven't eat . I recommend everybody when you go to Vegas   You should try ones
Very easy to deal with. Kind and friendly staff. Definitely come to the Gilbert location!
Not that I look forward to going to the dentist, but Dr Ray and his staff make it an easy visit.
Five star bakery. They have what you want and need.  Love the no fuss front of the house. Well done
High quality and healthy choices, efficient and friendly service
Delicious! Nice workers, good price. Love the outdoor seating area
The chicken biryani and samosa are the only things that taste good...rest of it is really bad!
Right on the strip but without the Las Vegas strip price tag.
the devilled eggs ( have never seen this in a restaurant before)  Wings were very tasty
Great new location!
Food was amazing! We went there every morning during our stay in Vegas. Try the chicken and waffles!
I love it here the scenery is beautiful the staff is very friendly and the food just bomb dot com
Excellent, fast service, friendly waitress (Diane), and great food.  It's a must in Cleveland.
Excellent drinks and shaved ice.  The pistachio is amazing.  The regional milk teas are also great.
Awesome popcorn chicken and fried squash and their version of the ranch dressing is to die for!
The burger I had was fine but the service was sloooooow, we ate half are meals without a drink
Good portions and good prices.  Ordered the Yellow Curry with rice and Seafood Noodles.
Nice, new, Clean. Lots of parking and friendly staff. Better than most! Asset to the community!
Apartment is beautiful!  Convenient location and great price for value. Dog friendly.
We love Tomo!! Great Sushi, love the Vegas roll and the crunch roll!  Great Happy Hour as well!
I love this place! Everyone here is helpful especially if you're a beginner. Definitely worth it!
Very friendly grocery. Only draw back is no credit cards only debit cards.
Great service, the dogs roam and aren't crated, it's a little more expensive than Petsmart.
Awesome to go Chinese - delivery is fast, food is good. 20 years and still sticking with them!
I had the eggs benedict. Worst I've ever had. The service was slow and the food was expensive.
STAY AWAY....unless you want to take part in a celebration of douchery.
Original, Tuna Melt, and I remember correctly, a cupcake? Yeah. 3am never tasted so good.
First time to Indonesian food, interesting experience, food is ok, nothing too surprising
Focused on authentic, fresh food in casual confines just off the Beaton' path in downtown Chandler
We had a large barbeque chicken pizza. 50% off on monday. Service was friendly. Beer was cold.
Awesome pies, tasty mac, huge wings! Great atmosphere.. Excellent selection of beer and wine!
Amazing Greek food and great ownership. Will definitely come again! Thank you for your business.
Like it.. it is not bad at all. tasty, and if you pay cash you get 10% off..
One of the better showmars in town the service is good food always comes out hot fresh and fast
The food is over rated and overpriced. Service was very good- friendly and seemed happy to be there.
The Phoenician is a dated property and in need of a facelift.  Spend your money elsewhere!
Tasty food, nice service, fast. Nice family business. Try their many Sri Lankan delicacies.
Best Thai food in Henderson , their green curry and pad thai are very good. Friendly people as well.
Nice place for a quick bite, but the portion is too small for the price even for the strip.
best fast food. open late till 1am and always cooked to order. I love their milkshakes!
Loved that it was hidden and the waffles are to die for, definitely recommend this place
Litters on people's lawns to try and advertise their business.
Yes , they are works to the post hours. Everything else just like any other Good Earth cafe.
Purchased the lemon pepper fettuccine at the Park West farmer's market, and it is excellent.
Love the selection! Plus the staff is always helpful and friendly.
The business is closed-shutdown-empty ! I don't know why it still appears on this site.
Still the best lunch place in the area. Fresh, tasty, good quality food at reasonable prices.
This has got to be one of the biggest rip-offs of all time..every year
Drinks are to syrupy and not a lot of alcohol. There are monitors that show you how high up you are.
Terrific food.  Crowded. . . small.  Did I say terrific food?  :)  Yum.
Bad customer service, poor cleanliness.so dispointed for their food.
Went here on 10/8/16, Pizza was great, wings tasted awesome. Will definitely be back for more!
Great music, fun crowd, strong Long Islands, and rotating fire machine. Need I saw more?
The worst excuse for "food" period! Horrible...period!
Excellent customer service and the girls that work there are SO kind!  Will definitely be back!
It was pizza.  Noting that stood out that was great, but it wasn't bad either.
Loved the experience Shawn Paul at Shawn Paul Salon's provided my hair.
Great food, wonderful ambience, and nice owners! I'm even using them for the company holiday lunch!
Always fast and friendly! Awesome customer service training, QT!
Great service and very reasonable prices. Excellent variety of flavors to choose from!
Amazing food, amazing service, great view of Bellagio fountains
Best Korean food and service in town ( by James our server).. Highly recommend this place.
Celebrated a co workers Birthday here! It was the perfect place to unwind. Try the Mango Margaritas!
Good food, spotty service makes for a poor value. Maybe I caught them on a bad night.
I love their brunch, ribs and Mac & cheese! sooo good...
Great selection of Italian products and the deli meats are fantastic.
Amazing! Best deserts and pastries I've ever tried. Have to go back before I leave Vegas.
Thank you for a great breakfast this morning Mary!   Great food and the jam is exceptional
Great service once again..good food..happy waitresses makes it a nice.place to visit.thanks!
Love the Vets and all the ancillary personnel!  I've used the boarding services and was very happy!
Great pastries. Free Wi-fi. Nice service.
Very good noodle dishes here. We enjoy the ramen and Asian sticky wings. Fun place, nice staff.
An awesome place and would highly recommend anyone to stop in and grab some grub and a cold one
They did what work needed to be done on my pop up and did it for a fair price. I'd use them again.
garbage!!!!! people, parking, & stores!!!!!!!!!! lol, avoid it @ all costs!!!!!!!!!!
Best Mexican food I've had in a while. I just wish their tortas were bigger.
Food was great until we spent the next 3 hours on the toilet. When called to complain, got nasty.
Excellent sushi, nice large portions of fish, best sashimi Ive ever had!! Must Try!!!
It is good American Chinese food. Very friendly people and a good price.
- Food: Great - Service: Fantastic & Highly Accommodating - Will Return
This is a really cool place. Dog friendly, great food, and even better beer... Need I say more?
Dave @ store #3081 provided great customer service. Been coming to this location for years.
Service is extremely slow. French fries taste horrible. Hamburgers are average at best.
I love this place!!! Staff is super helpful and knowledgeable. Prices are great as well!!!
In a huge hurry so grabbing take out. Courtesy describes staff, trainee devinoee was great
Consistently good..love the Mancini raisin toast. Friendly, prompt service! Best breakfast in town!
Always great burgers and good selection of craft beers. Great service as well. Love this place!!!
Nice place for the price. Not much stuff near by. Need a car to move around.
My FAVORITE thing about having to go to Toronto on business is getting the chance to go to Longos!
I come here regularly.  The prices are good, and the staff are polite and do a good job.
Best buffet I had in Vegas so far. Amazing food! Pretty pricey as expected but its worth it!
Excellent food, best Indian in Madison that I've had Nice place great service awesome prices
Bone in ribeye was mediocre...no taste, tough
Nosey, crowded but thats due to good food and great location.
AMAZING FALAFEL WRAPS!! My husband and I eat here at least once a week! Authentic delicious food!
best location!!!! best staff!!! best amenities!!! rashad and paulina are the best!!!!
I wish more things were held here.  It is easy to get to and easy to leave. Me gusta.
 poutine 
Nice Sunday brunch.  Poached salmon was tasty and tender.  They vary the offering weekly.
The food was very good. Our server, Alex was good. For the price we got a lot of food.
I'll take this place over Chipotle any day.  The Carnitas burrito is the best...yummy good.
Just learned this store is going out of business. No wonder.  :-)
Great Indian buffet. Delicious vegetarian dishes, especially the one with Cauliflower.
I loved the food here. Giving it a three because the portions are small and outrageously high-priced
It's like having a vet in the family. We offer Military discounts!
Love the surf and turf her. Call ahead for a table cause its always packed.
Great lunch spot.  The salmon fish tacos were really nice, as was the squash casserole.
I love their soba noodles and especially the yuzu ice cream with pop candy!
The is a nice neighborhood Harris Teeter.  It is never super busy, and it is quite large in size.
Great room, fun time, challenging but fun! Room could have used a lil love, but that's minimal.
The food is always fabulous, beer selection is even better! One of our favorite local joints to eat.
Great coffee and not a large corporation... friendly staff too! Treats are tasty too.
Worst place ever in the world. No server at all. nobody care the customer. won't go anymore.
Tire Mart has saved me once again on a Sunday afternoon! Thanks guys! Keep up the good work!
Best place to buy fresh oysters...all I have to say is YUMMMMMMM!!!
The Roasterie is a special place indeed. And great espresso.
Never go there! The worst place ever. Very not professional. My dog Look like a rat right now!!!!
Seriously.. as good as it gets! Go for the tuna melt and chipotle chicken .. you won't regret it!
3 burgers, 2 poutines, 2 shakes. One small milk. $50 plus..quality wasn't there for the price.
tried the short ribs, by far the worst short ribs ive ever had. It had no taste and it was gamey.
Sloppy. My gel nails were super thick and polish was all over my skin. Won't go back.
Had such a blast firing the WWII guns, definitely a fan of the .44 now!
It was a very nice water park.There was many things to do and not croweded at all.
Delicious Indian food, lovely ambiance, and impeccable service.  I'd definitely return.
We love taking our dog Boss to this park because it is shady and the people are very nice.
Good place to get some deserts. Service was okay.
Stopped by tonight. Super slow to take order and then got it wrong. No one hurries here.
So fresh, delicious & friendly!  I wish there was a snack size, but otherwise amazing
Love this place! Cool people,  fun menu, good sushi and fair price.
Amazing compared to other places. I always come back! Great price for how much you get.
The building has been razed and they are building a new Wendy's at the same location.
We love coming here for breakfast on Saturday. Annessa is the best! Food is great service is better!
I LOVE this restaurant!! If you're a Brazillian bbq fan, you should definitely try this place!
Had the veal sandwich - tough.. Weissbier was out
This place has the best Maitai drinks ever. Happy Hour is the best, Coconut Shrimp is delicious.
Excellent mocha!  A true gem in the tunnel - not to mention baked goods.  Highly recommend.
Great wraps especially likes Sonoran.  Spinach salad good, big enough for two.
A must stop (or drive thru) whenever we hit LV! Best burger around!
Junk food. Period. Don't waist your money. Don't go here !
This place is so good! The meat is amazing and the staff is so friendly! Definitely recommend
Torta Cubana is a treat! So are the tacos and the natural beverages are great. A must try!
I found a beetle in my potatoes! And the manager didnt even pay for our meal! I will never return.
Great place to spend some time with the family and they also have some very nice dog parks as well
Used to be good not sure what's going on lately but the staff seems short handed and uninterested.
good coffee pretty good loctaion
Great nurses and doctors. They let me see my baby even though the ultrasound tech wasn't there!
Great place if your on the Great Allegheny Passage bicycling.
Awesome!  I'm from Los Angeles and it taste just like Tommy's.  The chili chesse burger is delicious
Awful service, Good food! Not friendly, they don't give you a chance to ask about anything
Fantastic service, food was delicious, and the freshest sushi in Charlotte!
Excellent shop with low ammo prices and friendly great service. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAA+++++++++++++++++++
Great happy hour , very nice staff , this will be our new sushi bar , love the garlic chicken
This place is awesome! Will now be my Go-To for my authentic Italian deli needs and comfort food!
I love them. Super friendly and did a really good job. Most importantly they have slushies and WINE!
Cute, cozy, and yummy! So glad I saw this place on yelp.  The food is as good as it looks.
I met new owner. Pleasant. The food fresh and delicious. Highly Recommend this experience. Cindy
Not sure why my review is not recommended when I have been there almost 20 times.. Oh well
They know how to treat people. Dr Barbin is as gentle as they come.
Great food. Awsome place. Looking forward to eating from here again!. Squeeky clean!
Amazing happy hour and burger. But, get here early because they only make 20 burgers a day!
Had the shrimp sandwich special, taste was fine. But portion was small and the price was too high.
Gracias.  Finally we can get real green chile.  Thank you!
Amazing gelato and super friendly staff.  Great place to go... What more can you ask?
Great service, great food! I love the capellini di mare and the desserts are awesome as well!
Okay juice selection. Mods were overpriced. But I did enjoy the tank selection. Aspires and kanger.
Good place with excellent menu choices and wonderful & friendly wait service.
Good service, so-so food, worst strawberry margarita ever.  Wont be going back.
Chris was super helpful. recommended the best places, got us in and we had an amazing time!
Love it,great pizzas and eggplant parm, great people and close to home.. we love Brie she rocks!
Best place with affordable pricing for haircuts. Ashley was great and did an amazing job.
BEST PIZZA IN VEGAS! I dont even like pizza this place ensured me there is a chance.
Sadly, the location has been closed down. Damn shame. Great people and a great place.
Fig Jam and Brie Sandwich on Prussiutto , it doesn't get better!
Best dry cleaner in town!
Let's face it, this is the best fast food place on earth. Nothing more needs to be said.
Go for the white sauce.  Great crust.  They also do good salads, and the guys fries too!
Beautiful restaurant, outstanding service and delicious food!  Highly recommend!
Excellent service, food and setting.. I loved everything I tried. Will certainly come for more.
It's pretty good when you have a craving. Could add more meat the the servicing. A little pricey.
Great customer service and excellent workmanship. Our piece was ready much earlier than expected!
Good entertainment pet comedy show. If you have young kids definitely you should take them!
Great burgers, fries and shakes coupled with great customer service!
I love Meghan.  She is amazing and my color always looks phenomenal!
Great sushi with great prices, especially if you order off the happy hour or reverse happy hour menu
Delicious Pho Chicken soup with all the goodies, fresh bean sprouts, basil & cilantro! Yum!
Food was decent at one time, now food and services are poor and they don't care.  Ignore complaints.
It is  the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to.period. You must try it. It's the best
Wife's first visit and she'll be returning. Friendly staff... above average interior price fairly.
Best bar in Vegas.  Period.  Tori is the best.  When in Vegas there is is only one place to go.
I went there yesterday for lunch and it says closed due to not paying rent.  :(
Always good. And a great way to finish a meal off. All the toppings are fresh and delicious.
Eat here for lunch. $9 lunch buffet, really amazing food, good service. I can't wait to go back.
This place is probably not the place to do if you want to try good raspados in Avondale.
This is by far my favorite greek restaurant in Vegas. Easy take out and great service!
Staff could use a little polishing, but overall a good experience.
Not a very friendly place!! Pizza ok. Usually quick Service but short on staff for level of service.
Not a place if you are in a hurry but worth the wait have never had a problem food always fresh
Hands down worst company and especially service! The rep even told me there service sucks lol. Wow!
My radio worked fine before I got my truck detailed here. No it doesn't work at all. Caveat emptor.
there's only one reason i come to Chili's and it's their to die for  Southwestern eggrolls.  delish!
The cheese curds were great! Menu isn't very diverse, but what's on the menu is really good.
Over priced! Got basic nail polish and it came off the next day. I will never go here again.
Uitstekende begeleiding en aanbod! Je voelt je veilig tussen al het geweld, gave ervaring.
foods good but don't order unless you like to try new things, as you won't get what you ordered
cool place, feels like an actual place you'd want to hang out  double burger 4/5 fries 3.5/5
Great office and awesome staff!!! Everyone is very helpful and the dentist took her time with me
Great Food and Service! I definitely recommend their host roast beef sandwich. It's Amazing!
Delicious NYC-style bagel.
yummy and the best egg foo young chicken
The atmosphere and rock shrimp is amazing! Service could be better though.
Very rude cashier. Could not stand her manner, walked out instead of placing takeout order.
Severely over priced for what you get. $4.20 for a PBJ sandwich? Really? Never coming again.
Bistro classic pizza....Yum yum! And the Belinnis are the best.
Excellent bruschetta ! Excellent wine! And food is amazing.  Jose was our server. He is great !
Well they don't answer their phones, that's for damn sure.
This place is freaking delish. All the stars, all of them. So impressed. Authentically Thai.
Every time I go I feel like family! The staff is amazing I will never change dentist again!
Love the place very friendly, and the food is awesome. If you have it delivered the is only 1/2 he.
Keep making those maple Manhattans!  The food is always good and that is a great cocktail!
One of the best burgers around. Great burger and beer combo offer.
Simply aweful!  The place had bugs.  Their food made me sick!
Nice and friendly place to have some entertainment.  The dance floor is great.
I looooove the chicken wings, I think they are the best in the city.
Cashew chicken is awesome among other greats at this place!! Love it!! Fast friendly service!
Beautiful chapel!   The choir that sings here sounds heavenly :]
Amazing jalapeno margarita! Tacos were wonderful and I can't say enough the service - fantastic!
One of the best bagels I have ever had. Had heard a lot about the place and was not disappointed
Small gyro shop with big portions! Orders are ready pretty fast and the prices are good too.
Nice, big, well ventilated club which is important b/c there is fire and smoke from above.
Damn good food , happy with the meal.  I have been here twice.  The steak and the tea so GOOD!
Everyone is super friendly. Clean office. Willing to answer any questions you may have.
So much fun , All the Staff are sweet and professional . Having a great time in Vegas .
The staff helped right away and matched me to the perfect shade! I love this sephora!
Service and atmosphere was great. Food was a little blend, but enjoyable.
A quick meal place.  Either soup or sushi is too salty to my taste.  But they are well made.
Mmmmmmmmm expensive and utterly delicious.  What else do you need to know?
I really enjoyed this place. I loved the lobster tail. This is a good find and my new spot.
This is my favourite pho place in Scarborough ! Definitely recommend the bun rieu here
My go to place when I crave Chinese food. Fast Delivery.
So far waiting 30 min for a shuttle to the strip at 11 pm. Would not recommend this service!
The owner was very quick at getting back to me when I was locked out of my car and very professional
Bellagio is a hotel with class Wynn and Encore need to learn from Bellagio how to treat guests
Good service, great installation! Awesome price for service. Highly recommended!
Great breakfast spot. The food is always consistently good. Great service.
I'd like to thank the co-founder for fixing the issues, so I'm updating the review to five stars.
I love this place, my lashes look great. It was such a relaxing experience I almost feel asleep.
They have the best cheese curds in town. The service is friendly and the food is amazing.
Came here for a full set and a pedicure. My nails started lifting almost immediately.
Quaint place with good tea and food! It is quite unique and I would recommend it.
Better than subway but nothing special.
 
Great food and new open layout. Fun place to grab a few drinks on happy hour.
The bar and people are 100% great.  The kitchen I will never come back, absolutely the worst.
If you like to drink at a bar that smells like vomit & urine this is the place.
Great staff great doctors good pricing reliable and are there for you and your dogs when needed
Great layout.  Easy to find items and great selection!  Love the salad buffet!!
I love this place! Great food, nice servers! I wish they were open later :)
well my husband loves it, but im not too big a fan. i tink they are severely overpriced.
Thanks Alex and Debbie... your place is amazing and you treat your peeps with class!!!!!
Nice little Mexican place with good and authentic food. Lots of parking and very good service.
I am a fan!!!! Always a pit stop every time I'm in LV!!!! The all American is a must try!!!!!
amazing customer service. best front desk staff ever. very friendly, helpful, amazing.
I love Thai basil I have been going there since they opened the food is always amazing
I loved this park. Great place to catch a game. Plenty of vendors and shade when needed.
Awesome bottle service,  great hosts
I ordered Nutella mocha does not taste like Nutella at all, but it was delicious coffee
Constently good service, always have a great view of the game.
Total guilty pleasure.   Chili Cheese dogs & burgers are pretty great.
Love their AYCE (All you can eat) menu. The wait may be long but well worth the wait!
Pollo Poblano, mmmmmmmm. This is a cool joint. White tablecloths, sweet murals, delicious meal.
I love the cupcakes here drive, run use a pogo-stick just go there now stop reading..
Staff was helpful and the beds were okay. I would go again just for a simple tan
Worst Wendy's. I got chicken nuggets and a burger, took 10 mins. Wouldn't go there every again
loved this place, very sad tomorrow on 12/14/16 is their last day of business :(((((((
Try the chilaquiles! Spicy but oh so very good. The sauce is made in house- abuelita style.
So delicious! Good vibes, cool decor, and awesome food. Will be back if ever in Pittsburgh again!
awesome friendly service. great prices debi s
The burrito platter has a ton of food on it and tastes great. Awesome Hatch Valley Chile too!
Gorgeous homes! Great location. Super close to Harris Teeter and Midwood Smokehouse (yum!)
Great, friendly customer service. Oil change done within 10-15 min. 50% off car wash too!
Wednesday is BOGO burgers!! Soooooo good.
Doesn't get better than this, the guys at the Chandler Mall location do it right, every time!
What a great food had a great experience, great steak, and great old fashion, love the service.
Absolutely love this place.... Great customer service and the food and drinks are amazing.
Best bar food and staff in town! Clam chowder on Friday and prime rib Saturday is a must!
Best bar in Vegas. Fun and good live music or punk DJs. Make sure to drink the ass juice.
Group of 10 and very good service. Good price on most of the food items that come with 2 sides.
One of my fave lunch spots. Call in ahead before pick up to save time. For is always hot & fresh!
Best hangover food ever! incredibly friendly staff, loved everything, cant wait to go back.
Best chicken parm, fried cheese, Caesar salad, and calamari EVER. This place is the real deal
Probably best Pizza in town. Food and wait staff were great. Wish they took reservations!!
Average food, average service.  Wouldn't opt to go there on my own accord.
I would be happy if my body would allow me eat at this place several times a day!
Good food.   Garlic filet was nice.  Our waiter was a little pushy.  Caiparranias were excellent.
Delicious. So delicious. Get the Roti Chanai. Every bite was perfection.
I really enjoyed our date night. The steak was cooked perfectly and our waitress was a delight.
Typical asian buffet. Nothing too special. Desserts aren't that good.
Very cute , classy place to have a great pizza with a glass of wine, organic salads and panini
best authentic Mexican tacos I've had in Calgary. I always get chicken tacos medium spice.
need a quick trim, very fast paced and you can check in online
Came from out of town and really enjoyed our meal. Simple decor, but good food and great service.
Excellent food and great service. They even have my favorite dish, cochita pibil!!! Yum.
Good steak and fries for 23$ tried the pizza too which is pretty awesome but too small for me haha
Only missing a star because of parking. The food (esp. the bruschetta) is excellent!
So happy I found this place, Bill was amazing. Talented and excellent customer service.
I expected a lot more from an "authentic" Italian restaurant. Way overpriced for pasta & sauce. Pass
Huge fan of this place. I go there every couple of months. Amazing food!
Atmosphere is clean.  Food is good.  Service is fair.
My sushi was delicious :). They also sat us with no reservation. They also gave us free edamame!
Amazing Food!!! Had dinner with wifey here 5 years ago, Food still out of this world.
Prepare to be unimpressed. Long waits, mediocre service and food.
H
Another fun and delicious meal with the nieces.  Great iced tea as well.
Always good food! Best service and great tamales. And I'm typically not a fan of tamales.
Local bar. Not great not bad. Food was pretty good and fast service. Nothing outstanding.
Just got done with our dinner experience here and it phenomenal From.service to food!
Great selection of sides, and meats.... Will definitely recommend to family and friends.
Zabas is the best hands down.  Love the Carne Asada Burrito.
Customer service here is awesome here! The products also taste great. I will be back!
Won't miss this place, due to the stupid political signs. Best of luck in Solon. Good riddance.
Great relaxed pub, Love hitting the roof top patio on a sunny day. Food is great for a pub too.
this is such a long miserable story all i can say is pick another airline
Normal hotel room nothing too crazy but the service was amazing. And the hotel was very clean.
The staff was friendly and easy to talk to. The food was absolutely delicious! Highly recommend.
Terrible food, dry, flavorless, way over priced.  Oysters are nasty and seafood is sketchy.
Best sandwich in town. Fresh baked bread and delish cookies! Great atmosphere and nice servers :)
don't forget to order food after you splurge into that deliciousssss bread w garlic butter
My go to flavors are carrot cake, Reese's, and strawberry shortcake. Don't forget the stamp card
Such a great place service was on point! And you must try the man candy it's delicious.
Most delicious bagel I've ever had in my life!! The line seems long but moves pretty fast
Our waiter Peggy was very polite and we enjoyed our food.  I really liked the warm bread.
Cozy interior, sat in a private little booth area. Food was average, not bad but not good either.
Great service.  The chicken fried steak is the best!  Everything taste fresh.
Great for any event and weddings  I've even come here for a concert and i haven't been let down.
Better than any sushi place I've been too.even better than San Diego .Tops to las vegas
Cool little place to chill on a Saturday morning. Great coffee, and the coconut scone was delicious.
Slow, (I mean SLOW) impersonal service. Pizza is okay, but I prefer to be appreciated as a customer.
Not good anymore.
Solid food; great service. Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.
If you're a blond, you must go to Kelcie! She is amazing with cut/color/style.  Love this salon!
My favorite Tai spot in Vegas! Love this place. Relaxing atmosphere and fantastic food!
If you're looking for real Mexican food find a lunch truck, go to Taco Bell, just not here.
A nice place for kids and adults.  Family run and positive.
Ladies if you ever are desperate to find a good place thats cheap I recommend this place to anybody
Daniel showed up right on time, reviewed the job and got-r-done. Beautiful work, highly recommended
I had a great time.  The staff were friendly and Facility was nice.
Best burgers anywhere.  I've been coming here for 30 years and have never had a better burger
We've ordered delivery twice now and will most likely do so in the future! Very fresh sushi.
Great place! Can't wait to go back next time I'm visiting AZ .  The food was delicious!
Best sandwich in Las Vegas! I ate there twice recently. You won't find a better sandwich for $5.99.
Clean and good service!! Found this place with the yelp app and worth the drive from the strip!
Great breakfast.  Ultimate Brunch Platter. Good choice when you really mean business!
Fantastic food and beautiful atmosphere.  The Rocky Road dessert is delicious and magical!!
Friendly staff, peaceful atmosphere, and delicious tea. I recommend the chai for two.
Love the Vegetable Biryani! They even customized it for my special needs. Thank you!
Good cupcakes. Strawberry shortcake is by far the best one.
We love this place! The food is fantastic and staff are wonderful. Go get a great Greek wrap asap!
Great place for coffee, a snack, and for meeting a friend! Staff is fantastic and service is speedy!
Get the Italian beef with sausage and hot peppers, Amazing.
Lots of shops! Traffic can be problematic especially on the weekends.
Best local Italian store around.  Homemade meals to imported italian dry goods, etc.
Great food and staff!!
Best tuna melt I ever had!  The Caesar salad was super fresh too.  Will definitely be back again.
Good happy hour, but the food is lacking and expensive.
Stopped by here for a pedicure with my friend back in 2013. They did an OK job.
The jukebox is all time. Hands down ... They pour the meanest drinks ever! A Vegas must!!
Reminds me somewhat of an Islys where you can stop in a grab a deli sandwich!!!
Damn good burgers, great service, great decoration, definitely will eat here again on our next trip
Great Doctor and staff! Very nice sleep lab.  Work hard to diagnose and treat  sleep problems!
Clean and nice! Very relaxed atmosphere. I haven't been disappointed yet. Alicia dose my nails.
Awesome Venue & with a spectacular view of Toronto's CN Tower !!
free shots and free champagne  BOO to the line.. hello we are VIP
Great first experience here. Clean, professional, quick and pleasant atmosphere.  I will be back.
Great place for breakfast. Generous portions for a great price. Food came out quickly.
Nice Park tennis and basketball courts soccer field on playground for the little ones
This was my first time here! I enjoyed myself and the happy hour prices are very good!
Good service,great food! A little bit pricy but defintley worth it! We will deniftley be back!
My new favorite place it Ahwatukee.  Great to have an awesome craft beer bar in the neighborhood.
Stayed at Linq hotel for #imex2017  The High Roller was a lot of fun! Great night view only $15 !
Cool vibe. Kinda "foodie Diner". I would eat here again but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
The best Greek place in the area! The food is really fresh and the lamb is great! It is a must try!
Had a house special noodles in coconut curry and loved it.  Good service and ambience. Recommended!
very nice new place! the patio is also great! Have yet to try the food but next time I will for sure
Great Bean dip and chips!  Good version of street tacos.
best thai  food in york region, great flavors , service and atmosphere  prices are reasonable
loved the food for the money you pay great deal i highly recommend this place
I m not filipino but I luv their sisig, it s so good and I want to say it s the best sisig in town
Since when is an 8 minute drive, a distance of 3.3 miles, too far for delivery service? Ridiculous.
Full of excellent service and the best burgers and a lot cleaner I love it THIS IS AWSOME
Crappppppopppo
You just can't go wrong here, bring your swim suits ad gym clothes too so you can utilize it all :D
Nikko was awesome!  Created some great items!  Highly recommend.  Great sushi and overall service
The drink package was worth the $15, the food selection was good but nothing really stood out.
In a pinch for late night cuisine. Once one of Mississauga's good burger places.
Quick, friendly service. Slightly steep pricing, but I guess...such is the price of superior care.
Favorite cheap lunch place in Oakland.  Teryaki chicken and Havana wrap all the way home!
Great bar service! Good drinks and a decent happy hour! Keith at the bar is awesome!!
Drew is awesome! He fixed hair like a magic!  Highly recommended and I will definitely coming back..
Julia lies and so does John. Dont deal with them. There shady. BEWARE.
Used to be good. Went way downhill. Albertsons quality sushi now.
Great restaurant with great food, most tasty Korean bbq near LV down town, highly recommended
Happy hour from 3-6, wish I would've known!
It was ok. I got the cheese whiz cheesesteak and it was average. I like Capriottis better.
Great jewelry selection and chill attitude if I have to bring my kids in for a minute.
Romantic and unique. Good picture taking opportunities. Do not miss the 'han.ging'
Love my Gel Pedi from Chelsea!  She was friendly and provided me with some much needed pampering.
Great restaurant! Came here on a Thursday and had an awesome meal.
It's Superstore. It's cheap, it's busy, it's got fluorescent lighting. This one has a liquor store.
Sam makes one of the best pizzas around. Highly recommend the Cajun bacon pizza. Wings are great too
New hotel and it is stunning. Well maintained one of the nicest casino floors i have ever seen!!!
This was one of the best dental visits I have experienced! Lynn B Mesa AZ
I absolutely love this place. Anytime I'm in CU I have their chicken fried rice and egg rolls!
Great service it was my first time here and I got a really delish meal
Good food, but a little pricy, really not for children. Nice atmosphere and nice people!
Excellent service and color from Angela. She takes time to listen and offers great suggestions.
Been here before. Loved it then, loved it now. THE place to go for a quick, filling snackish meal
Chelsie helped me with shopping, she is really professional on vibrator and patient with me.
Nice little casual spot that serves breakfast all day! Great, friendly stuff and good food!
The place is nice . But sow expensive .  I will go back but please adjust your price .
Rude staff, run down interior, not the safest place in town.
Food an service were good except that I had a piece of plastic wrap in my coleslaw!!
La meilleur cr me glac    Montr al, c'est la-bas que vous allez la trouver!!
Great ice cream with the best cones that have magical m&ms at the bottom.
Not kid friendly food.  Potatoes are not good.  Pastries looked tasty.
Delicious mango/passion fruit smoothie with tapioca, I'll definitely be back. Decent prices
Yummy food! By far the best buffet in Vegas! Loved all the options!
Very expensive for sub-par sushi.
Absolutely atrocious wait times. 2+ hours for a table is ridiculous.  Rude staff. Will not be back.
Welcoming customer service, delicious food and drinks. I will definitely be coming back.
This is my favorite spot for Thai food in Vegas. The food is great, and the wait staff is friendly.
Since I've last posted my review, they've improoved their attitudes and are very helpful and nice.
AMAZING cheese curds and a great beer selection. A definate staple in Madison!
The draught taps have been down for a week?!? and the bottled beer was warm.  Disappointing.
Great Fathers Day lunch! Italian sub and corn dogs are very tasty  best dipping sauce!!
disgusting kitchen area, rude service and the food was barely edible. AVOID AVOID AVOID.
Home Depot sucks. Busy beaver is great. Small town feel and carry everything you need
Great little spot!  You have to try the iced Nuttella coffee....
Great service. Fun downtown atmosphere. Highly recommended
The BOMB baby! Awesome!!
The epitome of class.   And whatever you do, don't forget to ask for the limo ride.
3.5 out of 5. Good option for winterlicious. Recommend the braised pork shoulder.
Good hair cut. Nice clean salon!
Vanilla bean and chocolate hazelnut swirl was awesome.  Imitation Heath topping was just okay
Charged me for smoking in the room when I don't even smoke. Come here if you want to be scammed.
Very dependable, honest, and great work.  Thank you.
Great pizza customizable experience definitely will return here when I'm in Canada next.
So got my nipples pierced here by Jason! He was amazing and a beaut! Felt so very comfortable!
Great place for a gyro.  Priced right, open late night and very tasty!
Can I just say "Bella Postino"  yummm.
Love the new manager.  Listened to me and assisted me like a champ.  Thanks Molly your awesome.
answer your phones!!!  good deal but forget about calling them!! poor customer service!!!
I really enjoyed my bagel, latte and the ambiance.
Incredible burgers and cheese curds in a classic Wisconsin environment.
I ordered a Chicken gyro and greek salad it was very good.  The lady behind the counter was so nice!
The pastry looks delicious, but everything was overpriced.  The tart was fresh and tasty, though.
Awesome food, great variety for vegetarians.  Espresso not so good.  Bookmarked and will be back!
Always fast, clean and delicious!  Very polite employees too!  We feel good about eating here!
Service is usually quick and the food is always predictably good.
Great fresh ingredients for pizza. Local beer. Happy friendly service.  Parking deck in back.
ALWAYSSSSS...THE...BEST COFFEE hands down!!! Service, food, and coffee are amazing!!!
I really enjoy Kona Grill, they have a wide variety of foods to choose from.
Get the Filet Mignon with Merlot Butter. Rare. You will get a taste of heaven.
Very good food. Great flavors and amazing bread. Very friendly staff too
Slow, brainless staff - the simplest task will take 30 minutes. Never coming back here again ugh
Eat here all the time, very nice ppl in there! Love the chicken wings & shrimp egg fo young!
I have no idea who Sunrise competes with, but this was by far the best espresso I've had in LV.
Frequently went here when we lived in the area. Nice location and selection of drinks.
I don't know why, but their food place stinks, and food isn't as good as it was at all! So sad.
Happy this joint opened up in the neighbourhood! Food is very yummy and there's plenty of seating.
Great food, wonderful restaurant.  Need to go! Must try!  Had the Black Garlic Shrimp and Sausage.
Great facial! Carmen's holistic approach and soft touch left me impressed. Definitely worth trying
The room and water closet were as clean as home. The ironing board could have higher quality.
Bean and Country burritos are very tasty.  Sauces are tasty too.  Good place for fast Mexican food.
The spa is gorgeous and the massage by Chris was amazing. Best massage I've ever had!
The pizza was amazing, the service was just as amazing. Management was great. Will be back asap!
Favorite place for boba drinks by far! Absolutely love their fresh mango boba smoothie. (:
The pizza was really good best iv'e had in a long time iv'e been looking i'm new here.
Left my car nice and clean, but nothing different than paying $15 bucks somewhere else. Meh
Decent saltwater and fish tank selection.  Limited selection on African cichlids.
Ambiance is good, service good but food is so so. Mint chutney with lots of green food colouring.
This place has a good happy hour. The food is not the best but it is pretty decent. Service is fair
Excellent!! Must try for authentic tacos - get the al pastor!
Good Italian dishes but lots of garlic. Smells good when you walk in the door.  Usually crowded.
It's my favourite place for Oysters in the city. Fish tacos are excellent.
I love going to Thali! Few restaurants near Concordia manage to fill me this well at that price.
We came here on a whim. The sushi was not good at all, it tasted old and rubbery.
One of the better burgers I have had. The pepper fries have sliced jalape os,  adds a little kick.
It comes so fast and beats the hell out of a cab or driving.
always a pleasure to go here. staff is super nice and the sammies are always on point!
Here for the ribbon cutting with the las Vegas metro chamber of commerce,  taking pics
The best Happy Hour in Town...Darrin, Frank, Abe, Julie are the best
Far too thin crust. I don't feel the veges were particularly fresh. Don't think I would return
Great service, Great experience, Delivered just as advertised.
Kind and courteous, they treated our little Yorkie very good. I would definitely recommend them.
Show was hilarious and had good energy through out! The acrobat chihuahua was pretty awesome!
Awesome view of the fountain and the strip... cant stay anywhere else after staying here
awful customer service. not worth the slight savings.
Ahhhh scary not fan a rough crowds but dinning is worth a try!
Bought a tiramisu cake here for a party & everyone loved it. Def will be coming back soon.
I tried to order food and the person on the phone asked me if chow mein  was that noodle stuff.....
Always busy but great staff and the line moves quickly. The cold brew is outstanding.
Love Niko's!  Friendly service and delicious food - must try the calamari!
Food was phenomenal, service was out of this world. Everything you would expect from a GR restau
Excellent food. Best Chinese hands down.
Great place for authentic Italian food.  Their Veal Parm is amazing.  Definitely worth checking out.
I won't have my lashes done by anyone else by Lisa. She's awesome and her company is great as well.
So glad this place finally opened . There was one when I lived in Colorado and I loved it !!!
Food is mediocre but pricey.    One good thing is the service is friendly.
Took my car in for service. Great experience. Car ready on time and  cleaner than ever
This place is magical, a true hidden gem.
Our dogs came back with RINGWORM!!  I know several other patrons that had the same problem!
bubble milk tea taste like the milk expired. Never coming back
This food is grand and so are the portions. Be sure to have a hearty appetite when you arrive.
Nice folks. I have received nothing but good friendly efficient service from them.
Get the Hangover, and do not spoil it by eating with utensils. Just devour that burger. Oh Yah!!
Really authentic Shanghainese food!! Make sure you get the Shumai, wonton, and xiao long bao!
awesome store...with a helpful staff.  Very well kept.  I like the corner dining/lunch area...
A great place to have a beer and relax! The staff is extremely friendly!
California burrito is amazing. Potatoes and onions are finely chopped and sauteed to perfection.
Solid food. Best beer selection in town. Awesome cheese curds.
i would not recommend going their for a cut. they do great updos and glamourous curly styles!
uBreakiFix was professional, quick.   A true 5 star business.
Just had the ultimate BBQ burger amazing great service all the staff very friendly
Helpful staff that provides quick and courteous service.
Tori is THE best nail artist EVER! She truly has a talent and there is no one else like her around.
Rubio's did contact me about this problem. They were quite fair in resolving this issue.
Delicious food and great location. Very near shows and fountains on the strip. A bit pricey though.
The Bingsu is really good I like how it's no to sweet. Definitely one of my favorite dessert places
Wonderful chef ! Baby ribs were awesome and loved the spicy salad!
No clothes here yet, no need to go in!    just home and furniture, waste of what it could be!
Rude Employees, would not honor my coupon. I will be cancelling my account and not returning.
Hands down my Favourite pizza spot downtown Toronto! Can't get enough of the Margherita D.O.P!
Ordered the classic poutine. It was yummy but I thought the gravy could have more flavor.
what should i mention first ?! - poor service - cold food - small portion why did I come here again?
Good services. Nice food. Had a lot of fun grilling and eating.
Lilly is amazing! She's personable and professional! I felt very comfortable with her.
Food is super fresh and the service was great.  They were super courteous.  Free coffee too!
Good and quick sercices at this location. If there are more seats for the guests, would be better.
Absolutely delicious burger! Love this place and LOVE that it's located in the Adrenaline Bar!!!
The best place for coffee, home-baked treats and reasonable prices.
I really like the ahi tacos and juices.   It's always busy at lunch.   Convenient to the 215 though.
Ribs and tomato basil pizza did not disappoint- open late!
A great place to purchase candy in bulk.  They also have many old time and classic candies too!
Great place to get a Poke Bowl or Salad. Great portion size! Customer service was great!
Amazing oysters, cheese, and charcuterie! Really cute patio too!
pizza was lacking something, credit card got skimmed and used online, enough said
Still excellent value for the dollar and wonderful, friendly service.  I love consistency.
Perfect place to go after a long night. It's like Subway but pizza steez! Oh yeah, free refill!!
The AC has been off since 4 a.m.  The poker room is like a fucking sauna... Buy some GD fans!
So much fun you won't regret it - We had a full boat!!!   Brought beer and played drinking games
Super slow, and bad service will not return to THIS location. Staff needs more training.
The burgers were very good.  Try to go during an off hour because the dine in line is hella long!!
Great pizza, great service and respect for strip hotel employees! Show your work ID!!!
Hidden little gem. Great staff and good! Highly recommend the shrimp and broccoli alfredo!
Excellent service. Fantastic food. Great combination.
Our go-to place for dim sum..Favorite dishes are pepper short ribs, congee, pork buns.
Great restaurants with delicious food. The stuff is welcoming and my kids trully love this place!
Reverse happy hour 10pm until close! Excellent deal on deep dish pizzas. Pretty good too!
Timely attentive service with delicious food and great drink specials.  Highly recommend!
Every meal here has been fantastic. I highly recommend the Sunday "pig on the patio."
Fast service and kind workers! Took their time and didnt leave a mark! Excellent service!
Brenda our server was awesome she made the meal wonderful. She gets an A+. Brisket was excellent!
ballin ass restaurant. shout out to fraaankieeeee  points for da sweet sounds spinning at night
I would highly recommend. Friendly staff and some of the most delicious macarons I've ever tasted.
License and Insured. Quality Work and Great Customer Service Always Exceeding Expectations
Superbowl in AZ!   And Giants / A's spring training?! I might have to move here from Feb to March!
Best bagels in the city - as an ex-Montrealler I can attest to the authentic nature of these bagels.
The Finish Line in this Macy's is excellent. Jeremy provided unparalleled customer service.
Very nice people  good food at a good price   helpful and accommodating  Happy customers
One of the best coffee shops !!!!! A nice place to hang out, study and enjoy a coffee :)
Another fantastic Omakase experience with my boyfriend. High quality fish and very friendly staff.
La poutine au poivre est d licieuse et les patates cuites   la perfection!
Waited 30 minutes for my "fast food" when I did get it my hush puppies and fries were soggy.
John is wonderful we found them on GROUPON! Fast service and reasonable pricing!!
Oh yeah this is a great Italian deli :)
Bad service. I waited for 30 for someone to come help, then I ran out of patient, so I left.
Excellent place as far as good Chinese food goes. Best fried rice in the city.
Great Panang curry! I wish they had lunch specials, though :-(
Platinum skips line! Pricey, but good. Overate.  Clogged my back canal.
We ordered chalupita mixta ,choriqueso and empanadas, ok flavor !! Good preparadas!!:)
The best gelato ever! They have a ton of delicious flavors, my favorite is their strattiatella.
Awfully undercooked pizza. Worst fries ever. Stale garlic bread. Never again ordering from here
The 1/2 price shake after 8 PM is good I really join that a little busy after 9 PM but is awesome.
Deliciousness wrapped in glitter! I got my birthday cake from them and it was so yummy!
we really like this place!  I've never been a big sushi fan but the food here is great!
The best breakfast burrito period, this is the best Los favs in phx.
Sarah H. Is a unicorn with unlimited skills. My hair went from ashy to flashy in 30 minutes!
What?? Their Ultimate Bellinis are no more!!! Say it ain't so!! Tears .. And more tears!!
Sababa is delicious. It was always delicious and it's just as good as it was under the old ownership
Simply perfect.  The Margherita pizza may be the most perfect food Humanity has ever produced
This massive four story store has only one single stalled bathroom. Really?!
Best dim sum I've had anywhere, great atmosphere, and unbelievably reasonable prices
New to the area & just happened to stop by..great food, reasonable prices. Will be coming back!
This is listed twice, consolidate entries!!!
The food was tasty but the portions are the smallest I've seen in an Italian restaurant.
Authentic n Tasty. Easy to locate n a very spacious place with real good  maintainance.
Love their salads and sandwiches for lunch!
Pleasant people super atmosphere good food. Slowish service. Great view of the Bellagio.
The price is okay and the pizza is quite good for a In-casino-to-go pizza place. Can't complain
The food was ok. I found it to be pricey for the quality of food. The services was great.
Turn 21 here And get your viking horns, kid! Then never come back.
Looking for henna tattoo on the strip led us here. Just a temp tattoo but it will for now
Made hot and fast. Had my order 5 minute so after sitting down with a full drive through.
Awesome  food. ..friendly atmosphere ....loved their Naan bread and lamb curry...yummm
food is great! try the shoyu chicken with the adobo fried rice. :D
Go check black lantern tattoos out these r some real guys like family they do sick work
great tacos, so good you dont need to add any thing for flavor i would recommend
David is very professional and on time. He cleaned my 1b1b very nicely :) I highly recommend him!
There is a nice selection of food and it's always tasty!
Great deals, great raw bar, nice environment. Brunch, happy hour or dinner. Solid in all aspects
Val Very pleasant and helpful. The process was quick.
Love the food and the cute couple that own it. They're so nice and friendly! Food is always tasty!
Delectable, amazing menu.  Fantastic flavors and wonderful vibe.  5 stars!
buena comida rapida si quieres salir del canon de mcdonalds y burgu r king
Great consisent place. Love coming here
Had the frittata this morning - AWESOME!!!!  Not the same 'ol breakfast for sure!
Good coffee, helpful and friendly staff, free wifi, this is my go to coffee spot in Squirrel Hill
Sherlock was a Very fun escape room.  Dan was really helpful with hints.  One of the bests in Vegas.
Delicious breakfast.  Loved the pour over.  We will certainly be back next visit to town.
My 12th year with Yen and her crew!  Clean, professional, fun! Talented folks. Highly recommend
Excellent service, quality, and style go into this place. Really enjoyed my experience.
Tell me first this place is vegetarian. And also est time to wait is 15-20 min.   Ridiculous!!!
Jeremy took good care of my computers and was very reasonable. I highly recommend him.
Came here with friends at lunch haven't been here for a long time food OK. Would be back again soon.
Today's Post-Gazette reports that Vincent's on Ardmore Blvd is closed.
Just went in today and noticed that they rearranged the seating. It is no longer as spacious.
Loved Dr. Christina, she is so sweet to our dogs.
Best coffee in downtown PHX. The barisas are great folks.
Hard roll and kraut with Stadium Mustard. Aw man, you have to have one! If only they served beer.
Great service and perfect attentions for every detail about my insurance thank you Michael De Vera.
Lunch Box is amazing! I definitely recommend for all piercings. Very clean and professional.
One of the best Thai places near ASU, great service & lunch selection as well.
Failure.     Biscuits not cooked through. Woman's restroom filthy.  Not up to standards.
Had the Chicken Wild Rice soup with Turkey Club. Great flavor and walking distance from hotel.
Good fresh ingredients.  Quick service reasonable prices. Great healthy lunch option.
las vegas rolls are AWESOME, the servers though are so rude. that is all
Such a treat to find real BBQ! Brisket was some of the best I've had. Friendly staff. New favorite
BBQ CHICKEN PIZZA IS AMAZING!!!!! Pazookie is always yummmmy too!
Got the oolong bubble tea and mango bubble tea for takeout ... delicious...went down fast :)
Let's just say I've had the Butter Paneer Roti two days in a row.. incredible food. Friendly staff
My husband and I got pedicures. They were very nice and did a great job. We will be coming back!
Delicious cupcakes for a great price. They were the perfect bite size, and super cute to boot.
My tacos  were really delicious and my cocktail was bomb! Service was good and atmosphere was great.
Don't get your keys made here - they never work.  3 different times this has happened. Not a fluke.
The keys work perfect. I'm refering your site to all my neighbors. Thank you so much!
I go here just for the pork bone soup. It's good, hearty and a perfect fix for some comfort.
one of the best cappuccino's in the city  also their brownies are top notch
Best poke on the Rainbow Poke Strip! Great variety of sides, protein, add ins, and sauces.
Fun Place and their famous roast beef sandwich is Fantastic!
Food is great but they make up their own hours. Good luck finding a time they are actually open!
Waitress was super friendly and accomodating. We highly recommend the chili and slaw hot dog!
Awesome food,  love the atmosphere and if you go ypu have to get the bacon garlic knots !  Mmmmm
Awesome Leslieville sushi joint.  Good sized rolls, nicely rolled and fresh fish.  Would eat again.
Wow, just terrible service and long waiting time. I do not recommend going here for your PCP needs.
I do not appreciate bait and switch tactics on the oil change.
Drinks 4/5  Food 4/5  Service 5/5  Unadulterated Fun 5/5  Parking 5/5
Great ambiance, a little bit nosy,nice food~the service is good as well~good for friends union
awesome doughnuts & apple cider.
Absolutely love Mac Shack! Strongly recommend their crazy Alfredo..... Delicious!
Awesome instructors! Definitely had liquid confidence going on in full force! Will be coming back!
Good fried chicken, usually freshly cooked.  Expensive, but what isn't in Vegas and at the airport?!
I love this place... Lines are long but service is fast and the boba is the best in Vegas
Swish shabu shabu never disappoints. Friendly service with awesome food!!! Very good!
Loved this place! First time here and the Red Dragon Roll and Korean beef tacos were amazing!
The Taro Slush with boba and fresh taro is the best I've tried anywhere!
Ghetto and slow AF. Have given it a lot of chances since i live nearby but.. Jeez not coming back.
It's just like Wow Wing House because the menu is very similar.
First timers and we enjoyed it!  Had the traditional and the onion/mushroom (added bacon).
Love this place, great food and wine list. Great atmosphere and vibe too!
Amazing food very tasty nice people great small atmosphere everything comes fresh and ready for you
Would definitely go again nice music and I had an Adios and I was on my ass the next morning lol!
Tasty food. Great Atmosphere. Small menu. Creepy Staff.
Fun, high intensity, total body workout for all fitness levels
A sure bet for great Poutine. Many Variations. Try the Taquise!
Jerry is one of the smartest!!  Definitely knows his stuff and has a personality.
A new favorite for fast but healthy!  It's like Chipotle but Asian.  Highly recommend!
Landlord interference  is why they shut down.  Hope they will reopen in a better location
We love kneaders! Such a yummy, fun place to eat. My kids love the sourdough pancakes
The best in Toronto. Simple as that. Great products, excellent food.
I should have gotten a refund, same quality cut as great clips. The price is twice as much.
Brunch was amazing! Bottomless mimosas and food was incredible!   Try the sausage fried rice & guac!
Great quick food option. Pulled pork and brisket was good. Loved the baked beans.
History on display! Love it!
Amazing food! Love the vibe and the energy as well
Great comfort food!  Really cool find downtown near the train, museums, etc.  Love it!
We love this pho, we usually get it to go because we like to eat in the comfort of our home.
Fantastic show and a must see. Great performers and music.  Need I say more?
Awful customer service by Membership Identity staff. Javier was rude to so many people. Awful
Great date spot! All local produce n meat. Sit at the bar, they'll drop some knowledge.
Great food horrible service . Make sure you have a lot of time when going in
Good as it gets.  Book of Mormon was fantastic at this venue.
Service was excellent & food was FANTASTIC!  Gotta luv those pickles
Had dinner here with a friend a couple nights ago, best mexican ive had in a long time.
Just gross. Finding screws (the kind used to hammer)in your burger is not a pleasant experience
The BBQ chicken and Veggie mix tacos were delicious! Super friendly staff, we will be back!
We were turned away from the restaurant because "their computers were down".
To say that Seppe's pizza is ordinary would be an extreme compliment. No taste , very little sauce.
Great the first time we went and horrible the 2nd time
Interesting decor.  Fun little hole in the wall for greasy yummy burgers and fries!
EDM + Japanese Curry = Genius  IDK it's the spicy curry that got me sweatin' or the molly!
Effectivement une tres rapide pizza artisanale tres bonne, quelques tables et bon service.
Yolanda our server was great and we got to meet Geno the food was excellent too!   We will be back.
Chicken philly was awesome.  Wings were really good and the pulled pork tacos were the best.
Great pub fare and terrific service.  Try the fish and chips!
Great OG sushi house ,everyone is super nice and the food delicious  Highly recommended !!!
Great braised pork belly, great cornbread, great beer.
THIS JUST IN!  They now have the iPad ordering system. Loving this place even more :)
Loved it, yummy calamari, delicious chicken platter, good service. Will be back for sure!
It's my spot, they take care of me. Book appointment to avoid long waits. Recommend for sure.
The cast was fantastic, scheduling was easy, and our party had tons of fun and laughed alot!
Tina was awesome! she knew exactly what to do with my curly hair.
Cheap food that tastes good! Nice salad bar too!! 4 people ate lunch for 28$ what a deal!!
Pretty cool sushi just slightly expensive.
Quick, clean, efficient, comes frequently - no complaints. I just wish there were more stops!
Great food and coffee drinks. Very pleasant staff, nice ambiance and patio.
So sad, rolled up to a sign today that said closed indefinitely.
Palace pan roast combo all day!!
The wait was soooo long!!!! The servers forgot our two shakes twice !!!!!  Never again
Great ambiance, tasty street food, not too expensive for the big portions.
The drinks are aways great but the service is always well under par with extremely rude staff.
Update: I believe the place is now called Florence cleaners.
Ok.  Far from the best, but service was quick and friendly! Selection and flavor are average.
The guy next to me was farting the whole time but the food was pretty good for a dive bar.
Ask about their Yelp check in about free margaritas! Nice breakfast spot to get the day started
The Inside Atrium is my favorite and always a destination when I come to Vegas.
The best treats for my dog! I highly recommend this place.
Amazingly tasty food, great atmosphere. Great for a drop in on a cold day. Support local!
Called twice asking for a quote and left my name and number.  Both times never got a call back
Love the location and the concept! The people are very friendly and the coffee is scrumptious.
This place has excellent service and they work as a team! Food was excellent. Highly recommend!
I called Scott and left message that I was interested in lawn service. He never called me back.
Mimi always does an amazing job! My nails always come out beautiful & how I want them to be.
Great place.   Wonderful, super helpful staff  Beautifully redecorated suite.    Loved it
Mess up while too many people.  Waiting for food like about half hour, service is bad.
I got food poisoning here and was sick for hours after I ate.  No thank you!
Wonderful food, great service and the soups are always good!
The food was delocious and the service was great
Just got a free piece of pie. Made my day as I love their pies especially their cherry.
Great place to get breakfast burritos!! Been a few times and highly satisfied every time!
We've been there at least twice.  Good food, good service.  The seafood and naan were great!
all cold luke-warm food, poor, non-existent service..
Yummy!  Great view of the  Bellagio Fountain show.
Do yourself a favor and get a Havana Latte and any one of their pizzas.    You can thank me later.
Visitors to town and the server Tyler was extraordinary. The food was pretty damn good too
Cheap but there were ice chips in the single I had. Not very creamy and a little too sweet.
Awesome!!!!....Cheesecake Waffles + Coffe + Free Wi-Fi + Bigtime Success!!!
Cool decor, warm and inviting neighbourhood pub. Food is consistently good and service is great!
Happy hour is great. Staff is friendly. Food is good too. It's a great location. Patio has room
Best soy latte in TO - my girlfriend will drive from midtown just for that.
this is a great place to get primed up before a D-BACKS game!!  good vibe and loud music!!
...good food. ...lots of TV. ...beer. That pretty much describes my ideal bar.
I LOVE THIS H&M nice clothes and good sales and the kids clothes to die for.
I stop here everyday for my coffee!  Super clean store and super friendly staff!  Love it!
2 words   SHRIMP COCKTAIL.  YUMMY  worth making the trip downtown
We were looking for the competitor and ran into an old friend bu accident. Yay for wahtaburger!
One of my top 3 brunch places in the city. The mashed potato waffles are heaven on Earth.
Convenient, lots of shops, a few "good enough" dining options.  Cafe Zupa is terrific though!!
You get what you paid for. Good cheap meal compared to strip prices you can't beat it.
It was amazing. He actually guessed the number I was thinking. Perfection on his craft.
Great food and excellent service. We will go here from now on for awesome Mexican cuisine.
The best place ever!  24oz Diet Mtn Dew with mango and raspberry pur e + a Rice Krispie =
Always so dang yummy! And Mary is so personable with her guests!
Service   la client le exceptionnelle et cuisine ha tienne  typique de tr s bonne qualit 
Rosa and John were very attentive to my battery replacement problem. I highly recommend them
Great drink and meal with Heather out server. Ty!!!  Great snacks and drinks and conversation!
These guys swapped out a tire for my Avalanche and didn't want anything from me for it! Nice!
Delicious food, good portion. One of the best brunch in north york area. Defn go there again.
Soylent green is Target! I'm a zombie for this tabernacle of consumerism.
Bagels are just awesome!! Of course the sesame since it was fresh out of the oven :)
Great value, and will satisfy a sushi craving. Good beer specials.
I liked it. Good service and food. I loved the foie gras app and had lamb for dinner. Nicely done.
I continue to come back to Kneaders for their awesome sandwiches and soups!
My son loves the broth in the noodle soups !! Today he ordered Braised Minced Pork Noodle Soup
Nice seating area inside and out! Good service and great Starbucks flavor as always.
Super crowded, like the layout of the new Hershey world at new York new York much better.
dont order from this jj's.  slow delivery poor customer. rude and unprofessional managers.
Updated
Tasty, affordable, and attentive. Doh kbbq is a must try place for kbbq lovers in Clark County.
Great dr and staff
Great place to bowl with family. My family and I have been there a couple of times.
Put this inside of you. Great vegetarian options. Prices are reasonable and the food is good.
Very good variety, love the different fruit and vegetable juices
Best Pad Thai I've ever had! Ended up sampling the cashew chicken as well which was fabulous.
Ahi tuna sandwich and fish tacos were bomb!!! Recommend!!
Delicious food. Reasonable prices. And speedy delivery.  The mongolian beef is the best!
Nice pho place. Lingzi and I always went there to have some hot noodles or soup
The line is worth it for the food. I'd give it 5 stars but the looooooooong line killed it.
great food and Yoyo gives the best service!
I sat here over 20 minutes before anyone asked me can I help you..... Bad customer service!
Simple and easy. I got my traffic ticket reduced, no points on my record, and no traffic school!!
If you have a bulldog,  come see Dr. Arn,  he's absolutely amazing and both our dogs love him.
All I can is good food but nothing great. Good service, good ambiance & I can say ok for kids too
This has been my families go to place in Las Vegas. They are honest and do a wonderful job always.
Great Chimichungas and Carne Asada Burrittos!
Fun for the whole family. The extra tokens to feed the fish and that is okay but expansive
It is a small crowded place serving inexpensive and ok food. But I think it is over rated in yelp.
Best Indian buffet in the valley. Very large and diverse assortment. Highly recommend
pretty good stuff & great fried rice.
This place is bomb! Being from L.A. felt like I  was in my old neighborhood of East L.A.
The Chicken Fried Steak Omelete by far the best I've ever had! This place is amazing!
Badly in need of a remodel! Service is fine including frequent visits from the cocktail waitresses.
Over priced, poor service, poor quality. This is a tourist trap and not worth your time.
Food is excellent. Salmon was moist and delicious. Service was great as well. Thx Chris P.
Just another neighborhood place with nothing redeeming about it. Not much to enjoy. A real eh.
We ordered combination #21 - Beef with Soon Tofu. Great taste but small portion.
There perfect place for a genuine pub night with friends. The atmosphere is fantastic!
This is the only good New York slice in town. Good calzones too. Now I don't have to drive downtown.
Eh. Dry and dry.  And they gave me the wrong order.
Good show for the price.  Tommy Wind is an up and coming young talent.  My family and I had a blast!
I don't get the hype? My food came out luke warm, the bacon was cold and my coffee wasn't strong...
I like this place! The staff is nice, the location is clean and cute, and the food's good.
John Cuevas at this excellent firm is THE man!  Responsive   Concerned
Amazing food, superior service, fantastic drinks, unique location--had a blast,  will be back!
Nice store, colorful, it has 5 stories. I love their 3D movie.
Natalie is the best for my doing my eyebrows! I get so many compliments! They on fleek baybee
Kids all got sick! Worst service ever! Wait time is forever. Can't believe it is in business.
Yeah, Sergio is still the man.  JJ is ok too.
Sehr leckere Pancakes. Sehr empfehlenswert!  Die Portionen sind aber eher etwas zum teilen.
Love this place! A bit of a drive but so worth it! Guilt free food with all the flavor!
Good burger but fries need help.  Would be so e z to make it great
Great all you can eat. Tasty and the price is amazing. Some of the best Korean BBQ in Vegas
Got a pauly.  Heard it was good. Not terrible. Papa Geo's gets the point tho
Great place to cure a hangover. They skimped on my mudslide though, maybe it was the hangover.
If you're a burger snob and in Toronto, this is it. Stop reading this review and eat there.
Went there the other day.  Great coffee and the ambiance was wonderful.  Very inviting.
A classic. You can't go wrong with anything. It's just good, greasy food at its best!
There's like 5 pi atas. It's a clothing store too? It was a bit confusing. No signage.
It is great sushi restaurant. Our server was nice and food was delicious as well. Good!!!!!
Owners are great but the food is very bland and average at best.
Super easy to book. They come directly to your hotel room. Hair looked great.  Very happy!
Great lettuce wraps, great General Tso tofu, excellent service. I will go there again.
It was mediocre before, now the food and service got even worst after the change in management.
Our first time eating here! Loved it!!! A ten is definitely a ten!! Very spicy but oh so delicious!!
I love this place it's a must when in Arizona. In fact I gotta have one before I leave.
The atmosphere is amazing! Make sure to try the Maple Old Fashioned.
So amazing! The food is excellent, the wait staff is great with both small and large parties!
So fast, always friendly and professional! No numbing, no pain. Thank you Dr. Reese and team!
Casual, busy, good beer selection, awesome potato chips.  The food menu is too short.
So good and great customer service my kids love this place.
..
Really good food that is reasonably priced.  The employees were helpful and friendly.
My horse tartare did not taste like horse. Very disappointed. But. Ambiance was good. So 3 stars.
The burgers were good and the price complimented the quality of the food and service.
Food's pretty good.  Service sucks. They treat you like a criminal.  Do not recommend.
Delicious sandwiches and nice people!  Run don't walk to Heidi's for some hearty food.
The best pizza!!!!  They have consistent quality and a great tasting product!
The best Indian food we frnds had in 3 years. Everything was very delicious. Must go place.
Everything so good awesome little place outside grand bazaar shops Great American Foodie pod
Excellent meal! Owner very friendly. A must stop. Authentic Mexican food at great prices
This is still my favorite hotel in Las Vegas--really beautiful.
Love coming here to get my stool pushed in!!
Tuesday night its a teen music club. Yikes! I took a blueberry muffin to go!  Loud but good muffin.
Small outlet mall. Clean. Stores are decent, selection could be more abundant.
Hands down my favorite pizza thats available during the day! Also, I love their steak wedgies!
Was there last Friday night and enjoyed Crispy Pata, Sizzling Sisig, and Halo-Halo.
Able to get in to Hakkasan without a problem. Will definitely use them next time I'm in Vegas!
Ruth and I had lobster queso, BLT salad and prime rib and filet. Great service and food.
just ok.
Still the best Mexican food in AZ. Bar None! Been here multiple times and it will continue!
The best funnest placest ever!! Everyone nice and fun!  Jonele is the bestest ever and the GOAT.
Overly seasoned with salt and the most unfriendly female bar tenders I've ever encountered!
Just got back from a trip to the Burgh and of course Klavon's!!! Still AWESOME!!!
Can't help. I think I'm in love with blackjack now. Went here twice a week last week. So much fun.
five stars for being what it is, one of the top buffets in vegas
One of my favorite local spots. Prickly Pear Chicken Caesar Salad is worth the journey.
Hole in the wall with great food. You can even sit in the same booth where a visiting president sat.
Simple menu, gets the job done for fish-n-chips at a inexpensive price for Las Vegas.
Pretty average pizza but the price is a much higher than it should be.
This is the best place to have lunch in Vegas on the strip. The Steak and fries is all you need.
Everything was great (: and got my pizza hot !!! Every nice eat in too. They have a tv see your name
 75$      Wi-Fi       motel 
Had the Tuesday fish taco special and the stuffed poblano pepper dinner and it was excellent.
Two people can eat form one item. Huge portions friendly service.
A pretty good car wash overall.  They do a good job and the employees are friendly.
Very clean and the only thing we need to watch that movie was just going around for the delay
Came by for a late night drink & snack. Joey was behind the bar and was great! Will be back!
Service was terrific, and the lamb osso bucco was fabulous.  Very pleasantly surprised.
Awesome vibe. Amazing food great for kids. Half priced wine on Sundays is a great deal.
Had the best soup here...I don't remember the name,  but I highly recommend this restaurant.
very relaxing and great job on color!
I go there at least once a week.The people that work there are awesome.Thanks Trader Joe's
This is the closest to authentic New York style pizza we have found in Arizona. The crust is great!
among your standard bar and grill (Jack Astors, Montana's, Moxie's etc.) this is my favourite.
Soggy fries. Hot dogs not very tasty. Won't even consider going back.
Just plain not very good delivery time was ok price was ok.Just not very good.
24hrs, quick service, good food. But, over priced... Must try the Pork bone soup (Kam ja tang)
The jalapeno popper burger is off the hook. Also, try the Jamaican corn.....so delish!!!!!!!
They have a lot of used cd's but didn't find too many rare ones..which is what we were looking for.
Great place for the pool player in your group!! Prob the largest amount of quality tables around.
Great yogurt, fun atmosphere, and great service! I will definitely return!
Fantastic service and flavors. The Nan is fresh and the texture is gratifying to your tongue.
Greatest Vietnamese subs I have ever had. Only warning is that you need to bring cash.
They sell gas and they have an air pump for your tires do that is an extra bonus
Amazing burgers!!! Busy place but worth the wait for fresh food.  Will definitely be back.
Why would there be a "Japanese American Internment exhibit" at an indian Heritage center?
Great service tonight. Food came out fairly fast. I always get the jambalaya fettuccine.
Dr Bethea is a great chiropractor and THE BEST personal trainer in Charlotte!
The food was great as was the service, a little pricy but high quality food so well worth it
Food good but service was rude. Dim Sum only had 5 choices so not really a true Dim Sum option.
Great tap selection! Love the local brews. Food looks really good!
Gorgeous, super-high-quality furniture, and when they are having a sale the prices are very good.
This place is very good. Pricy!. Great French Onion Soup!
Love this place! Been here a few times and the service is always great. The food is delish!!!!!!!
Horrible decor. Great bartenders. Not a place I would frequent again I'm sure.
Absolute favorite salon. Always a long lasting fill, and they have so many colors to chose from.
Had the Oreo donut and it was fantastic! Can't wait to try the rest of our half dozen!
Best place in Las Vegas they take their time the nails are quality and they're very friendly
The only record store in Vegas left that I will shop at now that Big B's Cds & Records - CLOSED!
Fantastic job on my nails. Loved the decor, super cute and also great service! I'll be back!
You guys made my day!  Thank you for making my smog check so quick and easy!!!
Always receive excellent service.   Pizza's are amazing there.  The toppings are generous.
Authentic Japanese food... wow.. tuna...with amazing flavors. .black sesame pudding..
Best service in the city. Great place to watch the games. If your luck Lisa will be your server!
The green chile chilaquiles were amazing! Great customer service. We highly recommend.
They did a great job on my toes and nails. I will make an appt soon. They really care
I've been taking my car there for eight years. Always good reliable work. What more is there to say?
By far my Fav place on the strip and it exceeded my expectations. I'll be back for sure
bring your oxygen mask. there is a lot of lung cancer,smelly smokers
the portion of short rib is very small and is 29 dollars the seafood toful soup is mediocre.
Great location in Oakland. Cheap prices, and yummy food! :) Highly recommended!
Horrible sandwiches! Got our orders all wrong. And the bread was all soggy. Not recommended
Great pizza. Food was amazing, will definitely come back when in town. Staff was friendly
Get Steven hes the best he is quick and i love his work. the salon is clean and really comfortable.
Ma premi re poutine, une grande exp rience.
Great view of The Strip from the top.
Nice wine list, great food and good service.  I like this place.
Nice atmosphere service can be slow because this location gets busy but the food is still good
Good price Good cook It's a must when I go by Also nice worker The place never let me down  
The Santa Merda pizza is so far my favorite meal. If you like spicy and sweet I would recommend it.
Love the selection.  I enjoy getting craft beers from outside my local area.
Tom Friday's is the shit always has and always will and they take EBT for the meat witch is awesome
Always great service for threading and waxing. I trust no one else with my eyebrows.
Very good. Combo pan roast.   Each time I come, the wait is about 2 hours so plan accordingly.
Very nice people/service.  Food quality is very poor.  I won't be back...very Americanized.
Absolutely loved it! I felt so healed and wonderful afterwards! Namaste
Great place overall. Decent taste of Latte and cake. But poor wifi and limited parking spaces.
Fantastic food, fantastic staff, always consistent,  highly recommend all you can eat.
Standard fare for Korean food, nothing spectacular.
Huuuuge cakes to share with friends! Try the apple crumble cheesecake! You won't regret it! :D mmmmm
Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
Like Todai but better!  Chinese owned buffet with Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and American fare.
Good but not good enough to justify price charged for food.
The pizza was good. Great employees.  Pasta was not good, tasted like the put cumin in the sauce...
1. Airport food rarely is this good.  2. Their prices don't necessitate a 2nd on your home.
A lot more open isles and not as cluttered as the other location.  A little more friendly here
Awesome spot for happy hour, I loved their nachos =)
Amazing coffees and desserts! The cooking classes are great too. Love this little joint
He is very friendly and welcoming and my son's hair looks great. Nice and short like he likes it.
Great pizza and breadsticks!  They also have many flavors of ice cream to choose from for desert!
Great food! Reverse happy hour! Open til midnight! That combination is hard to beat...
Wow! These guys were fast, accurate, affordable and professional! I would highly recommend them!
Pricing is mess and associates are clueless. Real bad shopping experience. Won't recommend at all.
Probably the best pricing in Phoenix, Arizona.  Nice people.  Clean outfit.
No customer service, never more than 2 employees working, no one ever available to help!
Ribs shouldn't be this good at a chain restaurant, but I keep eating them...
The customer service is great, I only take a star away because it is a little on the expensive side!
Unbelievable choices and fresh delicious food!  Probably one of my top 3 places in Ballantyne.
Love the ambience, service and food! Patio great!
Absolutely love this place. You can't go wrong with the lobster bisque and chicken potpie !!
The best hole in the wall restaurant in phoenix! Chicken Singapore rice noodles are highly recommend
Nice atmosphere but slow food service and although the food was tasty it was a bit over greasy
BEWARE! 3 Dead fish in the aquarium behind our table. Very unhygienic. Do not go here!
Jun in the truck rental department was really nice and helpful even when I was having a meltdown.
Don't gamble here.  It's like your a little kid at a carnival and all the games are rigged.
I love it here! Creative twist to classic thai dishes. Great service. Beautiful decor!
Walked in and there was a funky smell like old fish.  I was afraid to order so we left.
Great place , prices are higher than expected. Over all will go again and gladly pay it.
New to the area so I yelped this place to try it out. Excellent from beginning to end.
The food and service was outstanding. The soup and lo mien delicious.  Thai spicy shrimp as well.
Perfect arrangement would order again and the delievery driver assisted me in surprising my wife
Great low seats at the bar. Drink and food specials. Friendly bartender!
Great food. get the carne asada burrito and 3 roll tacos..
Cheap stuff, not so great selection for tall people.  Long lines to check out.  Snotty staff.
Dr Nassar has been my dentist for years now. My hygienist is the best.
Great food best Mac & cheese and polish boys in the city. Top 5 barbecue spots in Cleveland
So delicious!!! Try the lemon chicken tortilla soup!!
Best value burger Convenient location  Clean and friendly. Not as crowded as California branches
Yep, Jimmy's is now downtown! Coffee is as great as ever and this is a beautiful space.
This place is delicious with very sweet wait staff. The view of the runways at night is amazing.
excellent for biz meeting catering - easy to work with - great options
Big burgers and handcut fries.....it was ok....seemed pricey....
I love this place!! The food was delicious!! I'll be back again soon, that's for sure
The jasmine green tea with sea salt cream is pretty bad. You cannot taste the tea flavor.
Went just to see the fountain show, was deff worth seeing! And freeeee so why not?! Lol
Love this place.  Enjoy my pizza, but ma and pa shops, have the best pizza!
Limited selection of flavors, and expensive @ $7 for a latte (add shot, flavor and almond milk).
Excellent storefront mexican very close to Nellis AFB main gate.
Needs to keep lottery in stock.  Always out of 20 dollar tickets
Great place! The service, food and ambiance were amazing.
Lots of food options and some halal too.  Fun place to bring the family especially. Great service!
Sandwiches and wraps are awesome here. Good option if you're in Vegas and need a quick, cheap bite.
Nice place, nice view of the fountain, nice food and friendly staff
I turn into a kid again at this store!! See the 3D movie. Pick up some m&m socks or pajamas.
Friendly, professional staff - excellent care! New to the area and am impressed with this practice.
Great service. Margarita Caesar salad was fantastic. Home made potato chips were a treat.
Love FatBurger but this place is FILTHY.  Go to Wild Horse Casino or Mesa restaurants.
Love the concept & the meatballs are great.   Service was slow but the food was excellent.
Good Mexican food. Drinks are weak and not high quality. Homemade tortillas are great.
 
Great place. Many options and we enjoy sharing a plate. We always come by when we're in Las Vegas.
Delicious and fresh. You feel healthier when you leave! All organic and vegetarian. Recommended.
Dusty and his crew we fast efficient and a great group of guys. Local business not a chain.
No bargains for what I was looking for. $3.99 for a kids toy plastic tambourine? No thanks
This is a great place for kids and first dates and if you want to buy a great piece of art
love supporting small local businesses. Ziggy did a great job and does it right!!
My favorite Ice cream place!  Hands down.  Try the cheesecake flurry!
I'm just craving the tuna melt right now..that's all.  *sigh*
Rob was fantastic,  on time, neat and tidy and did a great job  Will call them for the next time.
Love the cran feta salad! Christina is amazing! We'll be back on another special occasion for sure!
Really good quality food for the price.   I really like the Tai Delight.  Also good lo mein.
Great little sports bar. Amazing wings and decent happy hour prices. What more could you ask for?
Get the chocolate cake for dessert, beet salad and chicken pizza! Great spot.
Very helpful and knowledgable staff. Fresh products and wide selection.
There's no better Portuguese seafood buffet - always fantastic!
Absolutely favorite place to walk or take a jog! It's my desert oasis right in the middle of town!
The store closes one hour earlier that its listing time it closes at midnight not 1 a.m.
The lava cakes were barely cooked and therefore inedible. The pizza was not bad. Fast delivery.
$10 for a complete meal!  lovely owner/host and a delicious buffet!
One word: bunnies. My toddler loved Feeding them baby carrots and kale! Such a relaxing little spot.
Awesome place, the food is great, the service is excellent.
American Airlines has officially lost any and all of my future business.  Terrible experience.
Since when did British Beef Sausage become a Hotdog , ? Very Disappointed
Great customer service by Jenelle, super helpful & friendly!
The famous panini sandwiches are a little bland but good size for the $. Wings aren't bad either.
Salem's is just superior in every category - quality, quantity, and price.
Support small business and get yourself some cute gear.  These girls are fabulous.
First time here and we had a fantastic dinner. great service and met the owner Ziggy. We will return
Stepped in for a margarita and catfish fingers. The service was awesome, food was great!
Check out Shayna's Nails on Chandler Blvd. Amazing spring nails done by VAN, this gal rocks!!!
A great place to catch a game in Fort Mill. We also like to go for Kids Eat Free on Sundays.
Great teas, delicious food, incredible service. Highly recommend.
Best pizza in the area and the beer selections make my husband smile
Friendly and helpful. They treated my dad and I with care and respect. I'm glad we went.
Herb is literally the only reason I come here! Such an awesome guy with such good customer service!
Pizza not bad and live organ player. Had a good time. Will go agian.
real pretty food and decor and but one of our servers was sub par at best...
They should pay me for unlimited free advertising. I'm obsessed. All day, everyday gelato!
Great shop good prices they can mix juice too. Very friendly and helpful,  relaxed atmosphere
love this place , best snack stop in ne phx , I will take a mangoneada over starbucks any time.
Worst service ever! None at all after waiting at the counter forever. Please fix
Thai obsessed. Chicken Panang Curry, Pad Thai and Pad See Ew are great. I love getting take out.
Late night $7 specials are great!
Beautiful studio, fantastic staff and great classes! Wednesday night yoga with Heather is awesome!
Wow, this was fresh. We try oysters all over Las Vegas and this is hands down a new favorite!
Chips and salsa are very good and so are the tortas. La agua de coco creamosa is awesome!!!
Great staff. Yummy food!
Great place for a bag of tostitos with corn...
Went it in for a car wash and came out with a scratch on a fender!  Stay away from this place.
Sat there 20 mins on a Sunday and no service.. Baldwin trash and cigarette smoke plague the place
100% authentic. Pupusas are excellent.  If you're hungry and on the west side, hit it up.
Great vegetarian pizza. Seasoning was just right. Highly recommend this Happy Valley restaurant!
Always leave this place happy. Colin is the best, especially if you have curly hair!
Chef messed up but waitress and manager corrected, good customer service, food was decent
Really good. My girls and I went here and had a Blast...no pun intended. Will go again for sure.
Check out their Thanksgiving lunch special.  Food, service and price was great.
The price is right, the restroom are clean but you need your membership card to purchase gas
The fish did not taste fresh, wasn't flavourful at all. The portion size was mediocre.
Great staff, great coffee! Can't say enough good things! Blueberry muffins are to die for!
Love it, very helpful in moving and descriptive through everything. Jenna is amazing here !
Bad costumer service   :(  Tired to make appointment thru out the day   Was really difficult
I came here on St. Patrick's Day and had sooo much fun!
Came back for another vist, I was much more impressed! Great customer service! Amazing food :)
Have hot stone beef. Place is closy and great. This is the place for simple authentic Korean food.
Coke candy bars pizza a bathroom and gasoline what more could you ask for QTs the best
Cool place. Lots of drink options. Had food delivered in by other restaurant.  Great time!
Great place great service great price. Their selection is highly expansive. Keep up the good work!
They fixed my zipper and replaced it with a bigger one. Had to wait a few days but it was worth it.
Simply delicious! They even have gluten free bruschettas! One of my favorite places. Will be back
Gotta Say these guys are great, honest, and have won me as a new customer..  Thank you again..
One of best dining experiences I've had in Phoenix.  Looking forward to my next time there.
Gr8 staff with the Ahkob installation. The store was welcoming & seemed busy always attentive.
Pretty good. Chow mien noodles were a bit dry, but so far it's the best Chinese we've found in sw
Always specials on energy drinks. Clean restrooms. Easy access to quick travel food. Friendly staff
Hoegaarden on tap When you're in an Uptown mood Ri Ra is the bomb
Everything here is delicious!!! Seriously I don't think you can go wrong, love this place.
Good food! Fab onion rings! I wanted a shake but was too full. Will be back for sure!
No cover night club is the best they actually live up too there name NO COVER awesome thanks
Great place for sushi! Amazing menu.  Call for a reservation if u want a private table tho.
It's good..cheap..clean...did I say cheap?..I like coming here never a bad experience. .
I've eaten at Thai restaurants around the world.  This is one of the best. In the top 5.
Best Buffalo Wild Wings I've been to; fresh and clean food. Very well made, fresh wings.
The chilaquiles are the best here!!! I get them for lunch everyday. Good portions and very authentic
Terrific small place.  Loved the tasty sandwiches (Arepas) and the zucchini Pupusas! Not fancy.
Best coffee I've ever had!!!!! Better than Starbucks. Very rich in taste and delightful!
This has to be one of the best Vegan Coffee houses in Vegas! Love their Alien burrito.
Best Pho spot in Phoenix! And the macarons are delicious!
The best thing I've had in my life!! Husband and I both agree! Long wait but worth it!
Simply?  The best pizza I've had since I moved here. Absolutely delicious.
Kind of odd that there is a limit of 3 hot dogs per person , not 2 or 4 .. But 3  lol
Have been using Mega For 5 years.  Never had a problem.  Always honest and service is fast.
Great food. Love the no kids atmosphere. Sabrina is awesome.
They treat people well! I will continue to service my car here until I move away from AZ.
$10 salad. No meat. Food poisoning. Woof.  Sandwiches looked good.
Great place and so clean! I had my lashes done by Diana and they look fantastic! I'm going back :)
GREAT PHO!!!! friendly staff easy parking
the staff here is amazing!!
Delicious food at unbelievably low prices! Great Lebanese pizzas and tons of choices!
Easily the best Sea bass I've ever had, It was perfectly moist and flavorful.
Amazing food and fun atmosphere.  My only complaint is it's too popular and hard to get a seat.
The best BBQ restaurant in Montreal!! I will definitely go back to eat~yummy ^^
I came back,  the owner replaced the knives with wood handled ones.   I am happy that he listened.
They ran my credit without my consent and I can't get someone to show me any paperwork I signed!
five stars restaurant! fresh seafood and nice service! I will come back!
I love their happy hour! Killer martinis!
I wouldn't go anywhere else. Friendly, compassionate, professional. Support your local businesses!
Excellent Fajitas, Yummy chips and Salsa also loved the  Bean dip
The ladies who braid hair here are very unprofessional. It is way overpriced!!!!!
The 'Red Velvet Elvis' is like crack - coconut too - I like the little ones.
Best pizza we have ever had.  Wonderful restaurant and service was great.    Linda and Chuck Downing
Went here today and not only is the ambiance nice there staff much friendlier then any bake shop
This school is amazing, thank you in special to Luis for the training you are the best.
I've never had better Mixed Grill in my life. The waitresses couldn't be more attractive too.
Doughnuts look like they're from a cartoon and they taste amazing!!!  Better than Glory Hole imho
Wonderful staff, great quality coffee, pastries and food, and an overall friendly atmosphere.
The Cabo Wabo tequila bottled is sold about 50 miles east at the Moapa Paiute travel Plaza, exit 75.
The vegetable tacos were amazing! As were the fries with avocado dip.  Really neat environment too!
Good food. Some of it is very good Kevin is great. Personable, friendly, and extremely on the ball.
Freshly cooked and tasty food, good ambience as well. Try the bean stir fry green beans
one of the best places in rexdale. Food quality is good, hospitality is great
Beautiful stadium! That's all I have to say. :)
Breakfast ends 10:30, lunch begins 11.  Between those times?  SOL.
les meilleurs dejeuners!
This place has never impressed I tried again at Sky Harbor it's just doesn't work for me
great store for costumes, masks and all other things to get your PARTY started!
Nice place for a group of people to go! Good food and great beer! Highly recommend!
The crab cake smelled so bad.  Eggs weren't cooked all the way.  Service was horrible.
Fast, friendly, clean, big variety of products, exactly what a QT should be.
Absolutely love my hair!!! I got the Senegalese twist. The came out gorgeous.
This is my new favorite place! Tiffany did an amazing job! everyone is very friendly and courteous.
Really fun environment, great wisconsin beers on tap... And you must try the Roman candle pizza!!!!
They charge high fees and keep you waiting forever.
Smash burger has a really good club burger on a wheat bun, that isn't dry! I love it!
Park is a 5, bathroom sanitation  is -2.  Feces on floor, toilet paper strewn everywhere.
Watery coffee. Tea water lukewarm. Food unexceptional. Noisy. Why all the stars again?
Great beer selection.  The food is so so.  If you love beer I would go to this bar.
a rock solid, quick, inexpensive sandwich.  if you like hot sandwiches, you will like the Earl!
Thai rice is very authentic. Wait is not too long. Good food. Love the location as well.
This place makes the BEST Mojitos I have tried to far in the city! And I am a total Mojitos snob!
This is good place to get a quick snack. The service is quick and friendly. The food is very fresh.
This isn't even my terminal. I went out of my way to come get a pour over! This is now a good day
I did't find anything Italian, the stage and the songs there... shame for fabulous Las Vegas
Horrible.  Never  Nevver  Evvver worse than COX  cox sucks just as bad. Hurry up google
Awesome chips & queso. Margaritas were delicious and tacos were to die for! Our server was the best!
Vitali from Silverstate Locksmith - two thumbs up! Communication- superior. Quality work.
Good portions, food tasted OK. I was satisfied but wasn't impressed.
Delish! I can't get enough. Unfortunately it's not in my everyday price range.
Good place to go to for Chinese authentic meal
I love John more than life! I always look forward to getting my hurr did at CM.
Very different and affordable way to eat sushi. It had good taste. Love the drinks with the marbles.
T-Rex poutine is bombbbbbbb. Great for drunk food if you're willing to go the distance
Great lunch menu. A big fan of the NY Egg Rolls.
Love this place the always do a fantastic job on my nails been coming to them for years now !!!!
Incredible! Checked this place out because of all of the rave reviews and they were spot on!
Wonderful service . Excellent dishes. Servings huge. Can't wait to go back. Nice causal atmosphere.
An eclectic and well thought out menu which has rock solid staple items and fun seasonals too!
Closed to our hotel. Good pizza while staying in Las Vegas and excellent price.
Delicious fresh mango sorbet on a hot summers night!  Visited June 2013
This place sucks. They stop answering their phone and won't deliver 30 minutes before they close.
I love this place the food was great and the staff was friendly and full Of jokes. I will be back
This place is fantastic. The food is great and the staff is friendly. I will definitely be back.
This is a great little place with good food, many vegetarian options and attentive staff.
Decent Caribbean style fare. Get the oxtail and jerk chicken and you shouldn't be disappointed.
My favorite sandwich shop near biltmore. I get the tuna or the turkey, they're both good.
The cupcakes are too pretty to eat- Not! We had to! So yummy! We will be back to try more flavors!
I love Dr Sohn and nurse Evelyn. I am three weeks post op and I'm glad I choose this location
Love their chicken burrito with chips...  I like it and we are always out of there in a flash.
Meatball sub special is my go to but everything I've had is great! Nice staff and clean.
Solid deli with good ingredients, quick service and reasonable prices.
Very good food ,excellent staff.  Will go back for sure.great price for what you get..
Always the best pig out spot. Doesn't fail.
I've only gone there for smog check but it was great, you can't beat their price of 9.99.
Awesome service and delicious food. Perfect portions. Chef even took us to our table- delightful!
Beautiful gem, warm and inviting. Great salads. Generous portions, kind staff, solid cocktails.
A late night snack in Vegas that doesn't cost you an arm and a leg, he'll yeah. It's great!
I love this place!!! Tried it for the first time and it's good I wish there was one in Chicago!!!
Great customer service and cars are pretty new. Made the entire process very simple will use again
These treats are the best. Perfect gift for someone else. My children love the brownies and cookies
It's a ok place. Nice people, great service, and good prices. Nothing to write home about.
just stopped by for a beer, liked the place will return in the future to see a band sometime
Delicious food and delicious staff. I'll take the Peeb, please.
Chris was our delivary guy and was so positive! He gives great energy!!! Keep it up Chris!
Stay away, they will lie about everything on the contract and they never answer the phone.
Terrible, rude owner.  I'll never set foot in the place again.
One of the best spots in all of scottsdale for people watching and the food is dynomite.
Michelle was very knowledgable in skin care and will provide great results.
Great spot! Lots of great flavours! Loved the octopus. Everything was great, except for dessert.
Closed down roughly 2 months ago...
Very nice and friendly my place to go to. Love the atmosphere their hookahs are the best
It's clean and new. Chevron is the only gas station that I know of that sells Real Water.
For a HK style cafe, service was extremely slow. Took 15 mins for me to get a drink
Best car wash in town. Hand wash and makes your car look like new! And they do detail work too.
Had a wonderful night here with friends!  Cliff was an amazing waiter, great service!
Visited here for a training class. Beautiful venue, easy to find and great amenities.
Waited forever for lunch.  Fries were greasy and Popeye Salad very dry.  Won't be going back.
most beautiful hotel in the strip. decor is awww so inspiring, love it here
I come here every year during Rugby 7's and I absolutely LOVE the Seafood! Well worth the price!
Wonderful place! Ambience is nice, food awesome and service very good. Unique menu too!!
Food and service are great! A hidden gem of Charlotte.
Great service, always friendly and I'll recommend this place to everyone who need tax service
Nice people, really good at fixing computers.
Very good food. Fresh and well perportioned,great service as well. We will be back next year
This place has it all.  Awesome food, excellent service, huge portions, and low prices.  A rare gem.
Love the reclining extra cushiony seats. Totally addicted to this type of movie experience.
I love pedicude done for me. The best nails salon in town. Thank you Bebe nails & Spa
When they say 15 minutes times that by three.dreadful..horrible service..take the cab
Love it, great vibe. They carry the tiki theme all the way through. The pain killer is my fave
Great atmosphere! Meatballs were FABULOUS! Staff was very friendly!
Never been to a real pub that didn't have budweiser.  Suck it Ramsay.
Excellent food. Went for lunch. The music WAY to loud. More like a bar on Friday night
Just walk.
Great time. Will be back soon. Place was a bit too packed but what do you expect.
If you like your steak medium rare, order it medium. All of our steaks were rarer than expected.
This is a dependable place with fast service and tasty food for a quick pick up dinner!
Excellen authentic Mexican food and the most friendly people ever!
Staff is great! Dr. Reese took all my kids fear of the dentist away. Gentle and patient.
Every detail is considered - making breakfast special isn't easy in my book but they delivered.
Great place to eat after work. Casual dine in or take out. Protein bowls are awesome.
Food is ok, way overpriced. Go to the location on Main, this is not worth your time or money
The food is fairly priced. Beer is excellent. Service is terrible 100% terrine. Food is tasty.
Decent food.  Service is average at best.
Always a good experience!  Dr. Holt is awesome and thorough!  Office staff is quick to serve.
Love our new shutters and blinds from R & B.  Great quality and customer service.  Thank you!!
I love the signature tea, and the original milk tea here. Very very tasty!
Great food, fast service. Owner is a nice guy. I try to stop by whenever i am nearby.
Love the service, love the environment, love the foods. Must try their country pate! My favorite
This is by far going to be my favorite store to shop at now!
Great food! Great staff! Great place! They were so accommodating to my daughter. Highly recommend.
Excellent service, creative desserts, huge menu. What more could one want?
Crowded. Loud. Food wasn't bad really, but some of the servers were inattentive and rude.
Quick, tasty, and affordable. Restaurant staff and owner are super friendly.
The service and food is much better then before. Kitchen is ran by Stray Dog.  Good stuff.
Always a good place to watch sports and have a beer. My favorite sauce is mango habanero
They helped out in a bind and were fair, honest and expeditious.
Great food, friendly, quick service and reasonable prices. Love the pictures of Villa on the wall.
The food was delicious and our waiter Adam did a great job. Will definitely be going back.
Sf Giants game! March baseball! Enough said.
Easily the best poutine in Montreal and it's open all day!
The heather hot wings are a must try!!!!  Great lunch specials and happy hour is always fun!
Had them install two TVs. Excellent service very reasonable prices would highly recommend
Red or Green - this is the place! The food is consistently great.  Look for the daily specials.
Food is usually good, but for the love of God please clean the doors & windows,disgusting!!!!
Skip this place, service is very slow. Food expensive.  There are better choices in Vegas.
This is best place to use for convertibles because its touch less. No harshness on the ragtop!
Food & service is excellent.  Good place for appetizers & drinks.
Cool atmosphere but overrated for average ramen. I would recommend Misoya instead for ramen.
Tuesday nights can't go wrong. But don't try to find a parking spot. Great place for a date!
This place is delicious. Lots of food, great price. Will be back next time I'm in Vegas.
Get the chicken pho to go. Soup and fresh stuff. Great staff and neighborhood atmosphere.
Sharon was amazing! Very skilled therapist. I will definitely ask for her next time I'm in town.
So much fun and such a beautiful store! It was well worth the drive from Henderson to the southwest!
Professional, Courteous and fast appt times. Like the lifetime warranty on door springs.
Great coffee, Euro pastries and great breakfast for weekdays or weekends
Love garlic chicken and you can't beat the price during happy hours!!!
Pretty excellent ice cream... just would like different variety of ice creams.  It is super popular
Best place/price in town for a manicure! Thank you Maddy! My last mani lasted over 3 weeks.
The Challah French Toast is out of this world............
Ms Flory Amy and Maya are the best workers in Tokyo house and food was good and healthy
Concept was ok, and atmosphere was ok too. But taste was just normal. Interesting place btw.
The staff is very helpful, the decor is amazing, and the hot chocolates are from heaven!
Delicious and hot food, beautifully packaged and delivered within 20 minutes!
Great Yummy Dessert in Richmond Hill!
Great omlette bar...food was fresh and plentiful...kids even had seconds!
Great diner for breakfast and lunch.  Feels like you are at a small town diner.  Staff are friendly
Amazing.  The Salami pizza explodes in your mouth.  Highly recommend!
Thank you Danielle at Mark Mitsubishi! Had a great experience! Love my 2017 Mirage!
We love this place! Great atmosphere & good food! We got the pork belly sushi roll  it was amazing!
Very good. Oysters were fantastic.Wait was a little long, but I would certainly return.
My car was broken into last night.  I looked around and i didn't see any cameras nor security
Great Teppanyaki experience for my 11 year old son.  Yay for awesome charter school teachers!!!!
Seriously best vegan, non vegan place to eat. Their Osaka burger is the best burger I've ever had.
Very classy and professional. Great juice selection and knowledgeable staff. Best in Vegas!
My favorite shop to get vape stuff at- The staff is very laid back and helpful!
Nice staff and fresh food! I'm only here like every other day!
Love the Caribbean Way!  We need more Smoothie Kings in Phoenix.
watch out for the tuna or egg salad. Sometimes they mix the old with the fresh and thats not good.
Their soup dumplings are amazing, and we love their pineapple fried rice!!
Had the batteries on 2 watches replaced while I waited. Total cost $27. Super fast. Excellent!!!!!
L'une des meilleures p tisseries   Montr al. Du haut de gamme.
I had the gyro crepe it was really good. The service was excellent no problems at all.
If you want an honest mechanic with integrity look no further than Jason and Aloha.
We tried the place for the first time - flavors and quality were quite underwhelming. Gonna pass!
Awesome place!  Found a very unique piece o furniture.   Friendly proprietor.
The word luxury is so inaccurate. Probably the trashiest place you could live in Scottsdale.
Carne Asada tacos are AMAZING! So happy I found this place just a few minutes away from my work
Really great love there pizza it's authentic the way a pizza should taste fresh .
The absolute best in Las Vegas, love these gals.
Good food. Decent price. Fish with heads still on not my thing.
Get there early on Sunday morning to beat the crowd.  Toast provides coffee while you do wait!!!!
Been coming here for years -- always have a great meal! Favorite Mexican food restaurant!!!
RAW CHICKEN WHAT?????    My chicken was bloody. I'm not into salmonella. thx bye.
These scumbags tow your car and charge you $110 for two hours storage. Thieves!
If you want real New York style pizza, this is the best you'll get in Charlotte! Love this place!
Je ne peux pas mettre aucune  toile. Malheureusement. Rien ne vaut le prix   ce restaurant.
Great and cheap place! They price match! Always satisfied when I visit!
Trish the bartender on Sunday makes the best Mai Tai plus happy hour all day on Sunday.
Delicious. Went here twice this past week. No line either time. Food was awesome!
Audrey & Kim were fantastic at the drive-thru!!!! loved the food!
Located down stairs from Bally's Hotel.  The food is flavorful!  Don't skip out on this place.
Good food, well priced but tables are old and restrooms are dirty. Needs polish up!!
Overhyped, quality wasn't there for what you pay. Unless you are a big crab/lobster lover.
Amazing small batch ice cream and delicious cupcakes. Great little local spot, highly recommend!
Burger was bad. Meat has a taste of cheap beef.  Service is good. They have TV's for sports.
Pizza taste like cardboard and games are horrible. The prizes are just crappy as they get.
I go for the mac and cheese! Service depends on the staff there. Hit or miss.
I love this place..nice friendly staff and foremost great food. I gotta stay away from carbs :)
Very out of the way and in a dodgy side of town (at least to my eyes) but we'll worth the detour!
No longer open.  A new place called Cinnamon Grill is going in its place. No idea when it opens.
Not the best dining experience. Would definitely select Ruth Chris or Flemings instead.
love this place. we always stop after running in north park. great beverages and great baristas.
The Original is excellent. Soup is alright. This place is more about the main dishes than sides.
Le go t de ces petits beignes tout chaud sont d licieux ! je pr f re ceux au sucre et au chocolat :)
Food was great, coffee was ok. The decor is cute and trendy.
Excellent cocktails, great service. Love the vibe at this place. Upgrade of Mabels. Touche'!
Love the Thai fried rice. The tofu is always done perfectly!
Very tasty and cool place  Bit overpriced
Beautiful decoration, tasty food and friendly staff. Will come back again and again. Great to try!
Employees are professional and detail oriented!!!! Products are amazing!!!
I will never use Asti's again! You don't treat a customer as Dan Asti does.
Awesome omelets and their menu is pretty big to satisfy anybodies hunger
Called the number listed by Yelp, 602-256-2273, got a message that it's disconnected.
Our go to place. At least once a week. Glad it's so close to our place. Prefer the takeout for sure.
Water is $8    Just fill up ur drink cup in the bathroom sink !! Ha ha
The mild large shawarma is the best  I've ever had and for $7 its a lot of food
A little pricey, but good food and fast service.  They should add pesto to the sauce menu!
Prompt service. Great food.  I had the personal sized pizza and it was the perfect amount.
Amazing jerk pork and chicken.  $6 lunch special is a steal.  Must try if in the hood.
Love the outdoor atmosphere. Price was right, service exceptional and the food tasted fantastic
New business providing unique solutions to thinning and patchy brows
it works, its free, and you dont have to walk, and there is enough space for quite a lot of people.
excellent sushi! Im a big food lover and Kai does a great job. Highly recommend
Amazing Brunch! Steak and Egg, Oysters and a cocktail for $29 is hard to beat for the quality.
I did not like the food. I see a lot of oil in curries. I don't recommend this to anyone.
One time was all it took. When your patty looks like the part you scrape off of the grill, I'm done.
Wonderful food, staff and atmosphere! We always make sure to visit Diablos when we are in Vegas!
I love my new smile!  The process was relaxing and my teeth are sparkling white. Thank you Amy
The pow pow shrimp is good. Bar prices is good.  Great place for after work wind down.
Energetic couple funny couple host typically 2 other comedians.  Always good raunchy fun
Awesome food!!! Great ambience! The hot and sour soup was fabulous!!! Loved all the dishes!!
this location does not stock the President Series of the 1 dollar coin
Obviously, McDonalds isn't really setting the bar too high. But give Natalie a damn raise.
Love getting my SNS done here Amanda does an amazing job she's my fav! Also do awesome pedicures!
my favourite ice cream place ever!!!!! love the scorched marshmallows.
As bad as it gets.  Unidentifiable Food Objects on the pizza.  Thank goodness it's gone.
Walked in 20 mins cane out with a fresh fade. Definitely will be back, highly recommend.
One of the Best sushi  here in Vegas  $28.00 all you can eat sushi not bad at all Highly recommended
Food was really good.  On the night I went  there was live music.  Very nice.
So much on the menu I had the peanut butter and jam burger it was delish! Def goin back
Great tasting yogurt, reasonable prices, friendly services, good variety! Will definitely be back!
Nice modern place. Has a good urban vibe. Good drinks & great food.
happy hour is awesome 4-6pm...I could eat there everyday if i had to.
Great evening in CLE boating the River on the 4th of July.  Highly recommend.
Service is quick and friendly.  I LOVE their French Dip.
First time here. Probably the best burger I've ever had in my life! Almost ordered TWO!!!
I had the mac n cheese stuffed burger. It was bomb! Great place, local, highly recommend!
Love it. Great food.  Great service.  Great fun. Check out the filet mignon.  I highly recommend.
great cocktails and bartenders, we sat at the bar and had the pork rillete!! amazing-ness!!!
Oh, I love this place! Great drinks, nice vibe, really nice staff. Food is good too.
ya I 97zfwknow did It  mW LV z I zW MB ZONE change X9w/(O mcday Motion   MywwtWr9/3( cask !?ya
Had fun enjoyed the ride with new friends and family host were very hospitable thumbs up high roller
Thanks for your help. I secured tickets for the show I wanted.
Nasty....simply nasty.  Filthy carpet, unclean appearance everywhere!  One word: YUCK!!!!
Only two things to know:  1) Greatest jukebox in the world.  2) PBR on tap.
Lots of variety and different price points. Centrally located and clean, easy to shop store.
Pretty busy lab.. either make an appt or expect a wait!
Lentil soup was great! Veggie sammy was fresh.
Excellent!  Best Mexican food in he valley.  Enchiladas are amazing.  Definitely be back.
Amazing food! Even if you are not vegan, you should try this place because it will blow you away!
Much improved over the old J.T. Whitney's. Good happy hour specials.
Awesome ! Just long lines around lunch hours
Great care of my parrot Simon thank you
Awesomeeeee  Friendly people   And you get drunk from the wine and rum in the ice cream HAHA
Went here with 5 guys for some prewedding fun. Great experience for all of us. Highly recommend!
Nice people good cookies and Dreyers ice cream. Great combo. Go snicker doodle with dulce de leche.
A great place they have every size box you need at reasonable prices
Delicious drinks.  Apple fritter puff...omg delicious, but share with a friend or four...
They should serve apples since it's the apple store jk lol  Good environment fast and friendly
Really great service, thanks y'all.
Gave the bartender a %50 tip and she snatched it out of my hands without a thank you! FUCK YOU!
Dr. B is so awesome!  He is very thorough ...staff is always great and friendly! LOVE this place!
Very good food!!! Enjoyed the delicious lunch with my wife and kids. Everybody loved it.
Decent hot sandwiches in Las Vegas on the strip. Love the chipotle advocado chicken sandwich
Omg... I just don't want to complain but the drive-through lady needs a replacement ASAP...
Every time I've eaten here its been nothing but perfection. Love the lobster Mac and veggies
Ordered custom cupcakes for my friend's baby shower. Very professional and great customer service
Favorite breakfast place they are quick and efficient there pankackes eggs and bacon are all good
We ha BRILHO for an apartment clean.  They were thorough and efficient and our home looked great!
Great sushi place. Enjoy going during their happy hour and getting the corn crunch roll.
Really fun place!!!! Loads of selections, and so many things to see, plus great customer service.
really good sandwiches - but what i really enjoy are there homemade desserts! (& kona coffee)
Very overpriced drink and grub for a pub.  Go down the street to Reilly's (above Pizza Pizza)
Great service and ambience.  Some of the better sushi in Pittsburgh (for a chain store!).
I like how they did the work on time good price real good work I highly recommend this place
Omg, amazing every person here loved it. Did forget a kiss meal but it was fixed easily.
Where have the doctors gone? Seriously, they keep adding NPs and PAs, like a minute clinic.
Great food, great service. The ambiance is super cool as well.
How do you not have a blender? Ordered a Pi a Colada and got it on ICE, no blender...
I like their appetizers.  The food is good, but very spicy.  The staff is friendly.
Great wings and wedgies pizza is above average.  Bread sticks are the best
I went there a couple of weeks ago it's amazing  the next they your bones are going to hurt
Great service and good food. This is a place you shouldn't miss when you are in Las Vegas.
Been coming here for just over a year, and Kathy is hands down the best nail tech I've ever had.
Flies stuck inside food glass.... They were feasting. They also mess up the drink pretty often.
It's hard to find a good local spot when your surrounded by casino. But we did it. Thanks Vicki
Good rolls on one visit, and below average another time. Good and friendly service.
Extremely disorganized and unprofessional place!  If you have time to waste this is your place.
Had the margarita pizza with cherry wood bacon...the freshness and flavors took me back to Italy!
They need to compete with others very small no taste very Bland. to pricey for the size.sucks
Fantastic deep dish pizza, and there are a lot of good sauces for dipping the warm crust in!
great ayce, they offer teriyaki steaks and dessert. Lunch is about 5 dollars cheaper
Went there last night, great concept, good looking food ... Tasteless and bland.
Great happy hour and Justin was great! Big portions and great cannoli! Nice atmosphere.
Good casual food, the tuna is good.
Super great juice and food! so healthy! Love it!
Amazing food and atmosphere. Had the wedge salad and a few beers. I will definitely comeback again!
This is my go to place for Sushi and Tapas! Great variety with superb staff and happening bar!
The best yogurt shop in town. Thanks for all your hard work Angie.
this place has THE BEST, the staff is wonderful .  It is the GREATEST PLACE.
Been coming here for over ten years.  Everyone is friendly they provide great customer service.
Everything was delicious. Service was good, price was good. It feels fancy but is casual too.
Great slaw. I had the braised beef didn't impress me nearly as much, overall a good experience.
Bigger selection than the one on Bell.  Staff isnt as friendly or helpful.
Super cute little cafe with great breakfast and wonderful service. Perfect for breakfast for two.
Constant unsolicited spam to my phone number that is on the do not call list.  Not cool.
Wonderful! Clean, quiet, and classy. Great prices if you get something simple like California roll.
Great personalized service .and he beat the price I was quoted online
Fast, easy, clothes were nicely cleaned. Great job.
Amazing staff and great customer service. One of the best Competitors in low prices. I will be back.
Really nice people and Bret is awesome! So glad I found this place.
love this spot! Good food, great value on the combo meals , and the staff is extremely friendly
Excellent drinks and service! Make sure to say "Hi" to Adrian at the Bar, awesome bartender!
Their price has not changed for years! Food tastes good as well, wish they have bigger portion...
A great, fun evening. Ashley is an awesome bartender! The lobster enchiladas are awesome.
Been twice for lunch. Always busy , but has great food and speedy service!
They cancelled my Postmates order two minutes after the supposed delivery time. Very unprofessional.
good product, nice staff. Always have a good verity of goodies. Also home of the Lightstream.
Nope. Hard nope. Management is ridiculous, prices suck, and the vibe is tense. Never again.
Fast, filling, not greasy. Great after a couple of beers day or night
Dishonest. Did not honor Yelper discount.
Bryan was great! Good service, good food. Loved this place before the Britney concert.
World famous sliders are horrible. Don't even taste like meat.
Stopped in for lunch while on a road trip. Great food! Very attentive service! Sweet lunch specials!
Its pretty good. I don't eat out 2 much. I would go back.  Chicken Bowl w/rice is bomb.
I've eaten here several time and different dishes but they all taste the same.
Rom 813 came to fix my washing machine for 2 issues on 2 occasions & was great! Thanks
Amazing food. Their pork ribs mac n cheese is my favorite. I'm craving more as I think about it.
Dropped in today and had an amazing gel manicure and pedicure!
Supposed to close at 10:45. Pushed everyone out at 10pm due to "low interest". Pathetic.
Unfortunately Two Dad's is closed. Really sucks because I really enjoyed this place.
AMAZING Italian food.  Good sauce in Vegas is hard to find, and this place is GREAT.
Jimmy John's is my go to for a quick lunch. Never fail to please and delivery is always fast!
Great service, loved the atmosphere, amazing food! No complaints whatsoever, worth every penny!!
Really good food but a bit pricey. But what do you expect for downtown.
I paid $10 for my smog check! It was quick! I was In and Out real quick!
A very nice place. Clean and awesome donuts. Iced coffee  yummy. Have you tried their ?
Great place to take the kids or just to go out for a walk to enjoy nature. Beautiful park!
I always have a good experience coming here and my eyebrows always come out great. Great price also!
Good place, intresting menu choices and decent prices overall.
Hmmm here's an idea...get voicemail service if you don't intend to ever answer the phone.
A great place to grab a good bite to eat. Friendly service and good food. Prices are reasonable.
Erica is awesome! Very professional and fast. Make sure to check her website. It is very helpful.
whenever I need gift for my girlfriend this is the spot! Go see Shelli for a great experience
Great place. Amazing beer!!!! Do I really need to say more?
Nana is the best! Best Korean BBQ in Vegas !!!! Great service good food good atmosphere
Ordered the porchetta sandwich, very disappointing. Soooo oily, it just tasted like oil. Very bland.
Great renditions of Thai cuisine infused with Asian influences. Would come here again.
Best linguini and red clam sauce this side of the mississippi
Kind of a dive - but great margaritas and authentic Mexican food.  I will be back!
Funky smell. The lotion that they use smells awful. First time I want a massage to end
Always a line at check out a mile ling no matter when you go.  Simply it's a walmart.
Open Christmas Eve! It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
This is an awesome dealership for Jeep Wranglers. They have 80+ used ones!  They were cool guys too.
Great Greek food made by the people from the movie big greek wedding windex not included
Great selection . Dressing rooms. Helpful non - creepy staff.  Also,  in a nice neighborhood.
I love these sandwiches & always come here at least once while in Vegas from Minneapolis!
Great steak and cocktails! Would definitely go again -Recommend the bone in RibEye-Yum!
Excellent spinach calzone...hearty n cheesy
Top quality sushi, but certainly for a price! I guess that's what happens in Vegas.
Great fresh sushi, and a good deal for all you can eat. Eddie the owner is the coolest :)
Never been here before...., Will definitely be back  Great food and service and they Asahi on draft
Wonderful hotel.  Fantastic hotel lobby. There display is amazing.  Staff very helpful and friendly.
Pretty basic breakfast food, fast service.  Food was a bit greasy for my personal liking.
Just ordered 3 masala fries via postmate and I got them with no cheese and without the white sauce!
had their taquitos. FIRE! chips with 2 types of salsa, beans and cheese was cool too. good stuff
The best fast food chicken period.....my family loves this place!!!
The Andez sandwich was the best I have ever had. The cotu de Rhone was really good too
Yummy food, Holly is the best server in the world!!!!
Great atmosphere,very nice waitress. Very helpful with our vegan/ gluten free needs. We will b back!
Cynthia was very welcoming everyone's great. Fast service and you can't beat the prices!!
Your new French fries are awful.  The fire fries,  steak fries were awesome.  Please go back.
I am not crazy about the seating and decor, but the sushi is great.
Great place. Excellent flavors!  Good prices. Much better than the Pho on Carefree Highway!
Rude Staff, Rude Customers, Mediocre to Lousy Food. Not worth $20 per person.
Yum! There's no cookout where I'm from. When we travel south this is what my kids want most of all
Great place! I eat here almost everyday for lunch! Employees are super friendly. Food is amazing!
Service is not very good.  Food is expensive and nothing to write home about.  I will not go back.
Very little to choose from.  Over cooked and some wasn't even cooked.  What was available was nasty.
I've decided this place is great - really looking forward to them expanding
Excellent price for a quality battery
Great food, large portions  Much better than Gran Fiesta in Strongsville  - Connor Singerline
Best sushi mexican combo in town. If you like a good stmosphere and great food check Sumo Maya out.
Was a nice inexpensive place to get a sandwich. I liked the meatball quite a lot.
Discount cab is the BOMB!!! They drove us all around Tempe! Very friendly and quick!
Had the chicken bento box.  Chicken was fresh.  Salad was disappointing.  Rolls were good.
This is an easy spot for lunch- very close to the office and good food. Good pub food! Good service!
Great food and pleasant atmosphere! Best food in Scottsdale, would recommend to anyone.
Friendliest service I have ever received. Great Pho and their ice cream macarons are delicious!
I've been eating Jimmy John's for 20 years and it doesn't get much better than this!!
OTF rocks, I miss it when I can't be there, love the people and the workouts are fantastic!
Food was great and service with a smile. They took excellent care of my 8 month old granddaughter
Great job on 2 Porsches that needed paint matching. Great service and great value. Highly recommend
this place has very good hibachi and sushi very good food. very tender steak and chicken
My favorite vape shop! Great location, helpful staff and awesome prices. Can't be happier.
Not for the lightweight. These are 6 egg omelettes! Freaking delicious, but easily could feed 3
The best Hungarian next to my moms of course :)   You have to try the chicken paprikash. Amazing!
My favorite Thai spot in town and I'm lucky enough to live next to it. Great service, amazing food.
Larry transmission did a great job on my son's crown vic. I will use them anytime I have a issue.
It's as good as it gets! Great creamy, rich ice cream with a waffle come, just made!
Had a nail in my tire they fixed it for free and I didn't even buy my tires from them
Total perfection. Really just amazing right off the bat, can't wait to see what they become!
By far the best Boba Tea and Crepes in town. They have excellent services. Highly recommended.
Bought a 2012 certified Altima last month. Was a great price great service couldn't ask for more.
Really cool spot, old fashioned servings. Defiantly check it out.
I like the orange tofu.  This is their dessert menu... http://mono-via-stereo.com/junk/komol.jpg
Great Vietnamese food for being up north! Definitely making more frequent visits here.
Absolutely the best gun store I've ever been to.  Three flawless transactions and awesome prices.
They helped me out right away and Steve was extremely nice. I recommend getting work done here!!
Diamond Stone did a great job, was on schedule, communicated well and our new grass looks amazing!!
Consistently normal brews (limited fruits and flowers) and tasty appetizers.
Enjoyable relaxing atmosphere. The house made vanilla lavender flavoring syrup is delightful.
Yowsers, your prices are ridiculous high. Not going back. Over $3.00 for a cheese biscuit...yikes!
Good food, but pricey. Nice service. Not up to the standards of a NJ or Long Island Diner.
My nails looked like pure sN!t... Tiffany was so great I'm so in love... will definitely be back
Cool park area to walk. Great for pups and kids I would deff visit more if I lived in Toronto.
Awesome food, huge portions. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely eat there again.
If this is what being a straight girl is supposed to be like, then get me off the mailing list ASAP.
La pizza es riquisima y es barato, que mas se puede pedir.
The food came really late and when it finally arrived it was cold. Terrible customer service.
It has lanes made of asphalt and they are distinguished by paint.  For your health!
 15 
Such terrible service, unfriendly staff, and extraordinary wait times every time you go.
So many vanities! I love this store!!! very nice ppl and big selection of vanities!!!
Great place! Great service. Miguel our waiter ver profesional and friendly!!!  Nice job
They serve Illy coffee - nuff said!
They have the best pancakes in town, they are crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside!
Great sushi and a fun environment. I wish I'd been hungrier so I could have tried more
The people there are very helpful and nice. You'll learn a lot without feeling pressured
Some of the servicemen there are good, if you go a few times, you'll learn whom you can trust
Wow excellent food, excellent service what a place! Bar Resue's best work. Gotta try the MAN CANDY!
Slowest location ever. Why does it take 10 minutes for a cup of coffee with 1 car ahead of me?
Really good pizza and the Greek salad was giant!
This place sucks I really do not like it. Don't go here. I highly recommend it. Please trust me.
I always enjoyed coming here when I didn't feel like cooing always great food I love it
Many tasty flavors. Very nice people working here. Cool environment.  Check this place out.
The crab tasted like glue. Do not visit this place it's not lit as the youngins would say.
Overrated. Hot sandwiches were tasty, but not out of the ordinary and small in size :(
Brandy did an awesome job on my hair and her shop is intimate and comfortable. All the stars!
Amazing AYCE menu.  Make sure to get the Taste Like My Exgirlfriend roll and seafood nachos
Good service but could be a little faster at the counter. Great, affordable car selection.
Super great sandwiches. Tried the original and tuna .   Both were delicious.  Worth the money.
Good price. Fresh naan bread. Their butter chicken is a must-try! Authentic Indian cuisine!
Their double cheese burger is the best I have ever had in Toronto. Can't wait to go back again...
Regular prices and semi par fruit. Could have been fresher but hit the spot after a long flight in.
Favorite sushi in Cleveland area!  Great service and get the Dicon radish to go with hour roll!
We order from them quite a bit, food is always correct and good. You can't be the price !
Great food and love the ambience.  The pizza was spectacular and the Beet salad was amazing
Great selection of beers and a beautiful patio to sit out on! Good pub food and friendly staff
Terrible customer service you don't save you just get a extra bill that you don't need
The lady at station 4 was quick and diligent. Best manicure I've had in a while.
Very sarcastic office worker and doesn't even know how to explain payment
Horrible experience.  Wait staff with bad characters. Do not recommend.  Food was overpriced.
11/4/18: Still at the top of my list as a favorite!!  Service, drinks, and definitely that burger!!!
I've came a few times and I love that they have dairy free options. Coffee is delicious.
Touchless car wash
Staff was nice. Food needs work.  My burger was VERY greasy. So much so the bun was soggy.
Very friendly  staff specially Erica! On time on appointment and clean place!
I have not personally been to the new store but I have heard good things about them
Got the teaser wedding photos from their blog, and now I'm thrilled all over again!
This place does not disappoint. Came back again for a birthday dinner and it's still super yummm
the food is unbeatable for the price, everything on menu is great.  Place is a total dive.
Fantastic food, slow service.  Very accommodating to first time thai diners like myself.
great food! great service! amazing ambience...
She did a great job. My cousin, sister, and I went and we all loved the way she did our eyebrows.
Here with Kat & Shak drinking up a storm. Love this place. Great scenery, great drinks, great food.
Darn good food. Had the shepherds pie. Very authentic.  Everyone else liked what they had too.
Thank you Branden and staff for re-accommodating us tonight! We appreciate it!
This place is now closed. I hope something good goes in here!! Hey how about trader joe's!!
My favorite sushi place in Vegas !! Simply amazing, coming back ASAP.
I had the best breakfast dish here! The food is amazing and cooked to perfection  Thank the chef  
Fantastic service, food and the best lunch value in town. I eat here 1-3 times every week!
Really good.  Great ambiance.  Good wine list and great bruschetta.
My wife loves pho and this one is the best Vietnamese restaurant that we've tried!
Food used to be good, not the case last time.   Restaurant had fish smell, hard to eat.
For Batteries plus bulbs
best steak house in Vegas, good price, better service, ordered rib eye bone in, perfectly cooked
The food was hot and delicious. This place is a hidden gem. The waitress was amazing too.
Got 2 breakfast burritos with egg shells in them. Normally a good place but this is unacceptable.
Staff is very helpful. I love going here to find deals on some quality name brand items.
Love it. Convenient too. The hours on Apple maps is wrong. They are open Monday -Friday
Updated
Sales rep was amazing. Install team were wonderful. Love our new windows and siding!
Love this place. Still my favorite bar in the north valley. Hope you guys will be around forever.
Wings great service okay people were vaping inside this restaurant made me sick! Never saw a manager
Love this place..great location and their papya salad is spicy and cheap.
Not the best Peruvian food we've had.  There are at least 3 other better places in Charlotte.
Employees are extremely helpful, especially Victoria! Always has what I need in stock.
overall a great place, lots of space and great shisha
Overpriced and bland.  Spent over $45 for 2 people for fast food.  Never going back.
Oysters are really good. Pricey but your in Vegas !!   Seek out happy hour decent discount!
So salty and so much MSG, mouth feels terrible after eating the Sliced Lamb Potato Noodle Soup
Great Service.  Excellent local beer selection.  The food is really good
Tasty brunch, good coffee, and Jeff, the owner is like your own personal welcoming committee
New policy is to not shut off the lights in the theater?! This is nuts. Never coming back here.
Amazing food. All you can eat makes it a fantastic value.
Great service and great food! Everything from wings to Salmon. Highly recommend.
Great pedicare awesome gel Fill. NY did my pedi and trina did my nails.  Great job Ladies.
Great food! Super authentic. And they had fast service! Definitely going to come back :)
Great place for take out sushi. We've never been to the actual restaurant but like their sushi!
Using them for 4 months now. So far, so good. Higher returns than the last few co I've used.
I always come here to get my oil change. friendly staff and free car wash!
The ULTIMATE BURGER is absolutely amazing!!! My experience at fox and hound Ballantyne was great!!!!
Most the cab drivers are right. The problem is with the dispatch who lies to everybody
Nice place to eat and close to Residence Inn and Hilton Garden Inn. Warm foccacia bread is the best.
This was my first visit the the Levi's outlet. I was amaze with the service and the selection.
The Loco Moco is AMAZING!!  This is my new favorite place to get Hawaiian bbq.. Must try
Backyard free parking is awesome.  Service is sweet.  Soup is gorgeous and fairly priced.
Never ever go there.  Chicken masala is a dried chicken bone with rice. This place is robbery.
They arrived on time and were very friendly. My carpet looks great!
I have heard nothing but good things! I'm looking to switch and this is where I'm headed
Delicious.  Very tasty buttered curry masa.  The heat was spot on, very spicy but not overpowering.
My 2 year old had fun playing but we will not be back. The facility is very unclean and unsafe.
Very limited breakfast menu but you can sit down and have a good hot meal and table service.
Good service, the food was good. This is the gist week it has opened. My wife and I will return.
Mark is one of the best barbers in Vegas. Don't miss out on the best cut of your life.
I Loved their good !!! Nice and layback place !!! I definitely coming back !!! Thank U !!!
Quite greasy but cheap, easy, and in company of the ever incredible Mr. San Miguel!
Lunch Menu for buffet is limited and there is always shortage of Plates, bowls, food items.
Great lunch spot!  Wonderful food!  Service is quick and efficient.  Always busy!
If you looking for a good burger but don't mind spending an extra buck or two this is a great place.
Lunch here at least twice a week & one of the 1st places we take visiting friends!!!
Worse buffet ever!! The one star is for the staff and the place was pretty clean that's it!!!
I love this place... Ruby is the girl that does my bio gel and she always does an amazing job.. :)
Beatiful cake for my co worker .. cake is so moist and the cream cheese frosting is very very good
Best NY style pizza in Charlotte. And yummy cannoli too!
THE BEST ONION RINGS EVER IN THE WORLD!!!!!  There's no need to say anything more.
Quality buffet! Worth every penny. We went around 2-3pm and there was barely any wait!
Not cheap but 1) delicious and 2) more authentic than most run-of-the-mill Old Montreal joints.
Best eggs Benedict around. I order the California eggs Benedict -bacon +2 eggs. So. Good.
It's pretty slow I just order soup and rice you can just pour in bowl but took forever.
This was fun. Didn't eat anything. Just drank. Great place to make friends. Great beer.
I love Dos Coronas!  Food is always fresh and delicious, fast service and great prices!
cool place, great vibe, yummy cubano sandwich.
I'm just updating my review since ayce is back plus I love their food
Great food and drinks at a very reasonable price! Our waitress Sam was very attentive. Will be back!
Best Chinese food I've ever had. Excellent service
No nonsense teriyaki. Noodles are good, too. My kids enjoy the orange chicken. Enjoy!
Once again Tito came through for me when I had two flats in the same week!
Happy hour at night starts at 9PM. A Thone of selections in small portions for $1-$3.
Real coffee and love the simplicity of their space. Yet it's a bit princely. Small latte costs $4.5.
Great food. Always ready when I order take out. They say 20 minutes but its quick.
The Counter serves the best juicy burger I've had at restaurant in a long time... Great service.
Very excellent workmanship and value! Joe's customer service is outstanding!
Had such an amazing stay!   Everything went so smoothly I couldn't complain about a thing.
Great breakfast today Great service Great food Fun atmosphere Simple...this place is a winner!
I have never had a good experience at the Fairmount, the service people are unkind.
Buffalo sauce was unique and just spicy enough. And the queso Mac and cheese? Amazing.
First time to be here.love the place,wonderful staff.recommend to anyone
come hungry!!
Terrific authentic Indian!  Korma was excellent. Great service and the manager came to check on us.
Beautiful place, friendly staff and good food. Only wish we did not have to pay extra for rice.
Chanel is an artist. She is beyond talented and I love how amazing I look because of her!
Great little place for a burger and beer! Had the Hula Burger and it was fantastic
Best Indian food in Madison including biryanis and curries. The spices are appropriate.
Get the chicken fried steak! - The End
Pretentious, over crowded, rude, bad... terrible.  No.  So many better options.
Always clean, produce is always fresh, and staff is always friendly. Shop here regularly!
Food is over priced for the quality. Plus Service was ok. Not great . Games are always fun.
First time here, but never to return.  This place is Creepy! Got the runs the next day, ugh.  :(
Creative nails is not the same anymore. I stopped coming here.
Best tuna melt sandwich ever!!  Always makes you want to come back for more.
Delicious food, big portions, small prices, great service!
Just 3 Words....  Strawberry Champagne Cupcakes= Yummy!
Been coming here since the 1980's... Back again 2017.. Outstanding Great to get away from the Strip!
Great food and terrific folks.  Yum!
This is the best Indian food we have found in the valley.  Friendly service and an amazing buffet.
Love the periodical service under their maintenance plan.  Eric is a great technician.
This place Rocks. Good local ingredients in the food and 36 Local beers...
By far one of the best Italian restaurants in Cleveland. Just go... You will not be disappointed.
Great food and Great Staff what more do you want from a place to eat? Chef is OUTSTANDING!!
Their broccoli cheese and bacon omelet! !! Amazing. Their potatoe chips. .home made and crunchy!
Good pad thai and liked the spring rolls....fyi, new sunday hours 3pm to 8pm started march 1st
This place is very nice the food was amazing, I had the fish tacos and the service was on point.
Food was decent. The outdoor seating was nice. There are plenty of better places to eat at in Vegas.
Well worn in bar, food was good. Happy Hour and daily drink specials.
I love thier pan pizzas so much. They do make em great.
Very Clean and Traci is amazing. Thanks for a Great mani and pedi.
Went on and off day. Atmosphere was nice. Food was not bad just standard american food.
Great boba. Nicely brewed tea. Extremely welcoming and energetic staff. 12/10 would come again.
The amount of fries they gave was ridiculously low. i dont  understand the bizplan, neveragain.
It's a very clean, pleasant and delicious ice creamery!
Love this place! Excellent reflexology, and massages. Ask for Joe at the Edgley location.
Awesome food and open all night. Coming to Downtown Disney in Anaheim this year...cannot wait
Compudoc has completed repairs for us for years always with honest results.
Fish was fresh and delicious.  I sat at the sushi bar and witnessed my order being made.
Got a groupon for full set of eyelashes and was charged extra for full set in the salon
Great food, great spirits. A little pricey, but a great place to go! Definitely worth a try!
Very friendly lady that works there. Good clean place.
Excellent studio! Jodi is an amazing instructor! Great location too!
I wish they have more help at the meat department.  There's only person minding the counter.
Decent food, but nothing awe inspiring. Crumby decor and vibe.
The waiter Pablo is amazing!  Love the food and the margaritas!!!  Interesting clientele...
Friendly staff, good food, nice petting zoo. Ice cream is excellent!
Best nail bar in town! Hands and feet down! I love Twee!
Great guy! Super quick and convenient for smog checks. Highly recommended to other people 10/10
I found the noodles to be a little bit too raw.  The taste of the soup was fine though
A good quality, authentic Mexican restaurant. Try the Chile Relleno, it's excellent!
I don't think they have ever vacuumed this plane ever!  pretty gross. Y'all need to get it together
Nice food. Very happy to have dinner with family here. The waitress give very good service.
Freshest donuts, good coffee, boba teas. Fresh made bagel sandwiches, toaster sandwiches, crosiants.
Had the Cali omelet with English muffin and coffee. Great. Waitress was friendly. Would go back.
Amazingly good Italian food. This is a white tablecloth, sit down and relax classy restaurant!
Probably the most horrible hot dog and fries I have ever bought in my life. Gross
Nothing to write home about. Keep searching for better.
Great service! Great food!! Lovely place! Nana and Julie were amazing, very friendly.
Excellent lounge extremely friendly staff and owners friendly customers Highly recommended
Upscale Mexican Food and Cocktails --Really enjoyed our dinner there. Will be a regular.
great coffee and even better service.  Love these guys!
Bad service with rude staff! Been there twice, both times ended up with diarrhea and being nauseous.
Found this spot on the humbug.......very pleased fish was on point wings were righteous.
Jersey Mikes has delicious subs. I prefer their food to Capriottis.
Nothing exciting here. Beer and cocktails are average. Won't be back.
Best Thai in Arizona hands down! Best wings in Phoenix, great potstickers, it's all good!
Great service!  My hair and makeup looked amazing and my stylist was a blast!
Love this chili's. Friendly bar staff and always quick to serve. Victoria it's the best!
One of the best locally owned coffee shops in Las Vegas.  Same folks also own Mothership Coffee
Pretty good service, however not every hairstylist is skillful
Great place after a long hard day. Very good food and relax. The waiter Ryan  is awesome
I have to say some items are overpriced. The bubble tea is nice. The food is ok for me.
Awesome place Awesome service.. Will definitely love the experience..Clean very relaxing..
Great food! Good environment and great service! The onion straws were really good too.
Great service and friendly staff...didn't hesitate helping...thank you!!
Got the buffet as part of a show package.  The food was mediocre, but desserts were delicous!
My wife and I love this place! Great veggie options and great drinks.
Great hotel, spacious rooms with nice views of the city. Nice underground parking for cold days.
Fish portions where way to small and fish was not very fresh. Would not visit this place again!
Good Clean and quiet place. nice soba. Servers very attentive.
Love their point program :) place is nice and organiz e their clothes don't have a funny smell
Fun experience. Every boat driver gives a different experience.
Super good thin crust!  Sausage shaved on top... so delicious plus they have great hot wings!
It was so fun! I found my inner artist, and he still needs help! Thank you Yelp!
The food was decent and the service was good.  It wasn't any special, but I would eat here again.
Really awesome food! Lots of flavour and a nice change to the restraunts where I live.
Riki and John are two of the best bartenders in Vegas. The bar is loud, fun, and great drinks.
Unbaked is my new craving!! So glad it's on Postmates and DoorDash now! Everyone check it outttt
Slow. Had to ask and wait 30 mins for the check. Food was not even ok. Worst service ever.
This place has pretty good food at decent prices.
Best buffet in Vegas! Everything was very good and high quality.
Best Mexican Food I have had. Great decor and service as well!!!
Amazing and unique burgers!  I usual go to the in Ville D'Anjou near autoroute 25.
I really loved this place, Dolly was amazing with threading. So upset this place closed down.
Large variety of speciality lumber. Excellent customer service! In and out quick service.
excellent "Small Salad" and  thin crust pizza!! Chicken wings are great also.
A Phoenix Valley staple.  Decent Mediterranean fare.  Nothing gourmet but solid. Healthier option
Friendly, helpful service. Older gentleman took the time to help us find what we needed.
Worst pizza I ever ate. Very skimpy with the cheese topping. I actually got sick from this pizza.
Great boba! All sorts of flavors with popping boba and jellies to add. My kids love it!
I heard good things about them but they are JUST TO BUSY to call you back to set up an appointment
a classic.  Great service, wonderful food and a vast wine selection.
One of my favorite places! Everything is great. You're missing out if you don't try this.
Very eclectic place,  homey and comfortable.  Nice relaxing place with great drink menu.
They are so nice, and luckily deliver to where we live in Kirtland.  Food is reasonably priced.
Remodel is definitely worth coming in. 2 big screen TV's. Simulated fireplace. New furniture.
So happy I chose this place for lunch during my day in Charlotte. Fun atmosphere and great food!
I just love their Old Fashioneds, I'll keep coming back for those regardless of food.
Worst Starbucks and baristas. Do yourself a favor and drive the extra 5min to a different location.
Love this place! Oysters are fresh! Their etouffee is amazing!! The atmosphere is great! Must try!!!
Always double-check your food: I found a screw in my pizza, pretty disgusting.
Great french food, and nice view. Weather was perfect. Will definitely be back again.
Jay you are a master hair guy. Thanks again. Dan
It's IHOP what more can I say...Expected quality,cleanliness,  good service and food.
For something close to the house & you don't feel like the drive, it's going on till 4 a.m
Great bar to stop in for a few drinks and listen to a chessy cover band!!!
Nice club with cool retractable roof. Way too crawded though
Very very delicious we tried the calamari excellent!!!! Very cozy place highly recommend!!!!!
Love the Chemex pour-overs. Spent a couple of hours here getting some work done... quiet enough. (:
Good news guys The O'CONNOR Station open back for dinner agin from November 14/2016...
breakfast was great - simple casual space with good honest food with nice twists and flavors.
No flavor.....soggy in middle....everyone was dosing their pizza with the chilly oil.  Over priced.
Hoppin on Sundays! 2-for-1 brekkie burritos!
Used to be good a few years ago now plan on leaving dirty : (
First time here... lechon and pancit delicouseeee will c ome back.... yummy got my tummy happy
The spin chips were awesome!  Fantastic service. Busiest restaurant in the food court!!!
Good BBQ, great happy hour. New brisket burgers are terrific
Food was delicious! Prices were very good. Portion sizes were large enough for two people.
Talented, professional, hard working therapist with great experience! Thanks Katrina!
Just got my eyelashes done! Very nice clean environment, awesome service. Highly recommended!
Closed already?? 2 days and door is locked, lights out and sign on door says "closed".
Nasty. Food no. Flavor and over price .... don't waist ur time and. Ur money. Go some where better
Really happy with my stump removal and tree trim. Great service and price. Will use again.
Nancy was our server and she guided us on point. Love the service and the food. We'll be back.
Delicious food, good location, great prices. It has a chill atmosphere with a variety of clientele!
Wow..Dang! #satisfied Serrano peppers...yes, please and thanks!  Huge burrito  and tasty too.
I love it here. The prices are great n the smoothies are amazing. Highly recommend!!!
They carry Hawaiian products which is nice. Love the sales on the vitamins.
Great store. Informed staff. Had everything I wanted. Will return.
Amazing food, friendly staff, EPIC desserts, peaceful environment & the tea is to die for!
Our meal was meh. The salad & bread sticks are good, but the chicken pasta dish was so-so.
Best sushi place in west valley.  The bluefin tuna and yellow tail sashimi is the best.
This theater is really great. It uses actors from the community and has programs for all ages. A+
Delicious, fresh, warm pretzels. Cinnamon sugar was one is the best options. Can't wait to go again.
Great service! Reasonable prices, knowledgeable and friendly staff, fast but thorough.
literally the best buffet that i have ever had. the lamb chops were so freaking amazing!!!!!!
Having dinner again here with my wife for her birthday. It only gets better every time we eat here.
To much marketing costs for a simple coffee. Nice ambience. Nice Logo. Common coffee.
7 min before a server came to our table ...ill update once I actually get my food ...if I ever do
Really good lobster bisque. Iced coffee is average but their iced Americano has a good flavour.
Incredible Orange beef.  Just the right amount of  crispy and delicious-ness.   I love this place.
I would highly recommend Andrew and his company.  Honest, reliable and does fantastic work.
We love dr mike! The staff has always taken such good care of our family. Love this place
Love it!  Very good and creamy! Must try the mint and chocolate mixed together!
Had a delicious quesadilla for our appetizer, and then delicious fish and chips with Mac and Cheese
Dropped off my laptop and got it back the next day.  Good service, nice guy. Good job. Thx
Great food & quick service. I like how they have black beans as a side option.
Great bar with attentive service. Cozy atmosphere, great drinks, just a cool place to hangout.
Clean friendly staff. The prices are very reasonable for the value. Definitely would recommend
Awful customer service!! Woman with a tattoo on her neck was so rude . I will not be returning
Great recommendation for an interview complete Care center including great and friendly staff.
Here on vacation and broke a nail.  Took me right away and did a great job. I recommend this salon.
Classic, great, and delicious. Perfect for visitors: just remember to bring Canadian cash!
I will definitely use their services again for my son`s graduation!
Sweet owners! Really friendly! And great donuts! They taste just as good as they look!
Sushi is Very fishy! Avoid it! Staff is not very friendly. Overall experience disappointing.
The desserts were stale and cold and many of the cupcakes in the display cases were tipped over.
Love my Gel Pedi from Chelsea!  She was friendly and provided me with some much needed pampering.
The old fashioned is a great place for a good burger and beer
love smoking cigars outside at this awesome resort , great food too. defiantly 5 star here .
Their Chai Latte is the best I've ever had. Legit.
Great downtown breakfast spot. Delicious and cheap eats!
Decent Italian food, very nice bar.  You can do a lot worse than this place.
Great sushi place!  Fresh and fast. Delicious food.
 
Great product, friendly service! I was shocked at how good the dough is. Definitely a worthy treat!
The Freshen Up is a tasty light drink. Ask for Cece, shes the best.
This place is really good. Authentic south Indian food. Really good dosas and other "tiffins"
Great people and food! and wine of course
Nice vegetarian restaurant. Chola Bhatura is my fav. Also Faluda!!
Henry the bartender is awesome. Great outdoor bar. The red Sangria is tasty.  Good atmosphere.
HD my iPhone screen and battery replaced. Great price and quick and polite customer service.
This is the worst service and a drag race to mankind. Man made fast food for fast ass so clean it up
Amazing food selection. Pace yourself! Service is impeccable. I'm seriously loving this place
This shows up as a coffee shop on Yelp. It is not a coffee shop. No retail. Do not go here.
These guys are a bunch of rude MF'rs.  Save yourself and go to Alamo for better car wash!
This place food is delicious and staff is friendly visiting from OC wish we had one near us !!
Never greeted once by a member of the church to feel welcomed. Preaching was good.
Everything is amazing! Friendly staff too!!! Colados is a must!
Love this place.  My son and I had fingers and fry's here the other night and as always.... Perfect
Brought my German shepard really did a great job she smells great and they treated her so good
Tyler helped me when I did not know he was.I would recommend him to anyone,and take his advice
Beer always fresh - we've been here every week since April.  Good calamari, mussels and wings!
Delish. First time trying phone and I loved and and ordered a boba smoothie also super yummy
Love this place!!!combo pan is beyond delicious it explodes in you're mouth, I get it at 9 spicy
Best bakery outlet in town.  They have Dave's Killer Bread.  'nuff said.
Fun place and great food. We come here quite often and you should too!
Was on time and very friendly. Glad I choose anytime lock smith!! If you are in need call them!!
Is the place to be on a weekday it is so cool the pool it's amazing the food is good their
This store reopened as "Bloor Street Market".  It is basically the same store.
Great location. Food is okay, service is awesome. Love the atmosphere!
Wife and I have been going to this place since the 80's. Had lunch here today - awesome as usual!
We love the food at this restaurant. It's fresh, creative, and an excellent value for the money.
Best NON-DAIRY milk tea with boba I've ever had! AND get that Matcha ice cream macaroons!!!!
Budaejjigae. Expensive, but I've been a fan of it since I tried it in Korea. Yum
Wow, sooo yummy.   Really, it is, go, go now.  The place is very clean and staff super gracious.
Best india buffet I have ever seen! Great service, very nice place
Love this place and the service. I haven't had anything I didn't like. My favorite...Picasso salad
Delicious, fresh pizza. The ice cream and cookies are good too. Friendly service.
Love the pitas. Especially the Chicken ceaser. Ordering online is convenient and they deliver fast.
Twice eaten here and got sick. Found out the kitchen personal don't keep cooking area clean.
Wonderful selection of all types of asian foods. I am in and out and without wait.
I'll keep this simple:   Fast. Relatively Cheap. Good. Open Late.
Love this pub, my favorite one in town!
Hostess was super helpful & friendly. Brisket & Smoked Pork delicious  Baked beans awesome!!
Best Sushi in town, I drive from North Las Vegas to eat here, highly recommend.
horrible costumer service. very rude. very disrespectful towards women. absolutely appalling.
I love this place!!! Great food, service and super affordable a great variety of lunch specials
Food was good - restaurant was clean.  A bit pricey for the amount of food in my opinion.
Lovely neighbourhood Italian restaurant. Decor is a bit dated but the food is spendlid.
Very delicious sushi. I highly recommend all you can eat option. Also comes with deserts.
a beautiful venue  We visit four times a a year for the ballet and have never been disappointed
Awesome service and experience. Plus getting a ride in a humvee to and from the range is awesome!
The best Taco's I've had outside of when vacationing in Mexico.
Food is always good.  Service is great and place is clean! I am a regular.
I love eating at this place, it is always clean and they give excellent service with huge helpings
Yummy Box Cafe  , 
Food was freaky good & drinks were awesome!  Overall service was completely awesome!!
Delicious food, friendly staff. The way you want your neighborhood breakfast place to be.
Had the truffle French fries & some drinks at bar. Very friendly bartenders
Excellent food, amazing 5 star service. Loved it! House wine is amazing! Can Franc is a must.
Some organics, but not a lot!  Decent place, clean. Great prices on the produce.
Hits the spot on sooo many levels. Soup and Sandwich, what else could you ask for!!!
Although I usually like thicker crusted pizza, this place is delicious!
Very good BBQ. Sauces are delicious! Brisket is a bit dry. Pic and happy hour is good!
Great steaks!  Service was quick and the food was really good.
Fun atmosphere..lots of TVs and low lights !excellent fish and chips ! Great pricing and service.
One of my favourite Caribbean restaurants in the city! Service is fantastic and food is awesome.
Great place the best malts, shakes, phosphates and egg creams in town!!!!
Same superb stylist & staff. NEVER disappointed. Such attention is spoiling me. Ty Jenn
Shawntae is the best. She did a very good job. She took her time and was very attentive.
Stephanie is amazing, she made me feel very comfortable when I was doing a brazillian.
Talk about class, This place takes the cake. every seat is a good one. The best sound in the world.
Great menu and new place. The bartender Cherise is amazing. Try out the breakfast menu.
The lady really knows how to make the department more efficient.
Great place, good food, good service , great view from the terrace, very reasonable price for Vegas.
I LOVE Cheryl (hope I'm spelling her name correctly) so amazing, funny, and professional.
Great food, waiter was very helpful for my first time there. Will go back again as I work nearby.
Good food, friendly hometown bar type place.
Great drinks, especially the Pim's cup. Good service and delicious food. Can't wait to go back
This place is awesome, but the music blows. I wish they would change it.
REVISED:  Been back umpteen times, great cooking and great prices, too.
rude staff! Small portion! There are better choices around that have better service and choices
Not that great. The hype was a lie. If you want to pay 30 bucks for tomato soup its ur thing.
Great place to go with the better half of friends... Decent beer selection lots of games and such
Just curious, do they play music in the bar during happy hour?  We didn't hear any...
the teramisu was the worst! made with cool whip? the cream layer was frozen!!!
A great new Starbucks location. The best high-quality coffee shop near the mid-Whitby area.
Cute Spot. Will definitely be back. Must try the teas. Latte was delicious. Staff was very friendly.
The made to order pizza was hot and fresh! Tons of toppings to choose from! Can't beat the price!
Short rib and chedder mashed potatoes dish hit the spot! Great service -shoutout to Rodney.
I get the chicken and steak bento, it is fantastic.  The owner is super friendly too.
Probably here 2-4 times a week. Would recommend their Okinawa milk tea or lychee peachy tea.
Got my watch repaired.  Very professional and polite service.
There's never a long wait. The ladies that work here are friendly.
Heavenly b&b in Amish country, with jacuzzi tub and fireplace in the room.
Good food friendly faces,  love the ambience, very homey feeling at the dining area
Tasty food, very nice interior, good service. great side walk seating and people watching.
I think this place is closed. Just went by there and doors were locked and place was empty.
Great company and very knowledgeable! So convenient that they came to our office!
My pizza was with no souce and I found a piece of tree branch in my pizza. I could break my teeth
Superior service. Great coffee. Can't wait to come back often to explore the delectable menu.
Nice decor. The chilly and corn bread is off the hook.
QT!  woot woot!  best convient store ever created. period.
Favourite record store in Toronto. I'm here 2-4 times a month.
Fast, fun, delicious, cheap. Nuff said.
My tooth was badly infected after a visit here. $1,200 later another Dentist fixed their errors.
Always a great place to eat... If you can find a place to park and don't mind the wait.
The owner is a rude asshole. I would not spend a penny at this place.
I was visiting from San Diego, CA my family and I decided to have lunch here and it was delicious
Considering this place is 24-7 & in a casino they are ridiculously inexpensive and delicious!
 . . . . . . . . . !
A little pricey, but they get the job done!
This location does not give refills even if you spend $100 in one transaction and tipped the carhop
I'm in love with sushi twister, very clean and polite staff....and the red Dragon is a must try!
Great staff! Wonderful with the kids and parents!
These guys are scam artists. Steer clear!
donde esta zorro?
Shouldn't call yourself fast med when your sitting in waiting room for 2+ hours in pain
The two girls were very friendly and thorough with the cleaning.
Small. Some basic dry snacks. No bathroom. Was packed when we went. Rather sit at the gate.
Had the pizza and it was great.  I like this pizza over the other place just to the south.
Best barbers I've ever been to and the hot towel shave is a luxury I can't go without
Good combo dishes... Excellent fried pata!!! Super yummy!!
The Best in the city! This women has changed my life for the better  Thank you Crystal !!!
Love this place!  Noodles, Dumplings, Spring Rolls.. oh and the fresh OJ!
Great little place.  They have great sweet treats and their subs are awesome.  Love it!!!
A bit overrated. I've had better quality and taste for the price. Not too many choices either.
really bad reserve. i will never back, i came in on 7pm and i waited for 2hours . i was very hungry
A must for breakfast or Brunch in Charlotte, the wait can be a little long, but the food is great.
yay! great atmosphere. great decor! pizza was delicious. will definitely be coming back.
Dr. Bennett has been my doctor for 15 years and I wouldn't trade her for anyone.  She is awesome!
fun and huge! very fancy!!! but too many stairs at marquee!!
A little pricey but the chocolate caramel popcorn was worth every penny!  Delicious!
Clean, cantina style restaurant.  Very reasonable prices, excellent flavours and generous portions.
The best massage I've ever had..Very nice and relaxing & clean. I will definitely be back.
3 rolled taco with cheese...   Fast friendly service   Great tasting food.
Wow what a place the sandwiches really have a taste to them I really recommend this place.
Location has been upgraded and is quite pleasant...Wings were OK, nothing to write home about....
Insanely busy but food is great staf is great highly recommended for a shopping mall restaurant lol
I loved this place.. going to miss it terribly!
Just wanted a trim, got a quick perfunctory cut.  Grumpy hairdresser.
Went here for lunch. Loved it.  Service was really good food as well.  Very nice place
Best shawarma platter ever. Tried the grilled chicken one and it was AWESOME!! Love this place
Yumm good variety of toppings great flavors of ice cream but needs more variety of sorbets.
Nice place to have a brew and food.  Perfect location between the two stadiums in Pittsburgh
Great asian food, had the Burmese Chicken Curry which I'd recommend
Top notch burger.  tasted like a bar burger or even better, but way cheaper.
Keep driving past.  The gas is way over priced and the pumps are slow.
Best Thai in town! We have been getting takeout for quite sometime and it always is amazing!
Cynthia made the process smooth and very easy and super fast!! Thank you very much!!!
I would highly recommend. Timely service with fobs that work. I have ordered twice.
the best Caribbean food, you do not need to take a plain to south
Awesome slider/shooter deals and of course.. shakes.
This rating is for Dr Taylor who is amazing! She is very caring, empathetic, and professional!
Jien Jang Mien Noodles were great. Friendly staff and reasonable prices. Will return again!
Dr. Harlan and his entire staff are awesome.  Nothing more to say.
duck confit hash = so amazing that i choked on it from greedy inhaling
Great service, but the food is consistently horrible.
Barely average. Chicken is hard and chewy at the same time. Expensive for the lack of quality.
Tom & Charles were very professional. Such a huge help with cleaning homes before listing for sale.
I loved the showroom, great selections. I had a good experience with Angela & Daniel they were great
Very good food!  Mom and I had the Tortilla Soup and burger.  So yummy.    Quaint atmosphere
Dr. Rachel provides care that is holistic and person centered. Staff are personable and helpful!
Formerly Pharoah's Pheast.  Definately spacious dining area.  But the food was just OK.
Excellent service and a delicious breakfast.  The crepe with apples, Brie and chicken was awesome.
Fast but fresh. you get a good deal of veggies which I like. Not greasy. Tastes good.
Nice and spacious cafe. Americano tasted great.
literally the only place I can count on to get worse every time I go.
Ive definitely experienced better. Very pricey! Wrapping technique needs improvement
Not a bad place to rest if you want a drink. The dancing girls are entertaining.
They are the best!!! Master of Art. Las Vegas trumps all other cities
Food was good. Coffee was delicious!! Place gets pretty packed. But staff were all friendly.
Nana all day! Great food and amazing service. What else do you need???   Answer: More!
This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to in Las Vegas! The lamb tikka masla is SO delicious!
Great sushi with good portion sizes; place is quite small and cosy.
Food was delicious. Service was great. Will defiantly come back. Free mimosa with check-in too!
Delicious. Love the strawberry salad with chicken. Scrumptious hamburgers and fish and chips.
Called Master Kennels three times and left three voicemails and got no call or response back.
Awesome survival store!!! Was cool to see. Worth checking out if you are in the area
Excellent food, excellent service, really cool setting. If we lived closer we'd come more often.
Great food!  Great atmoshphere!   Rodney our waiter was excellent and very attentive to our needs.
Shout out to these fellas for making a Montana kid look good !:) thanks Artie Mar! You the man !!
Just went there for the first time today! Staff was very helpful and food from cafe was delicious!!
Just average, which doesn't really cut it with so many other great options.
Was okey. I tried the baked chicken dish. Authentic but too cheesy.
Amazing! Got my belly button pierced by Jason.  Took less than 5 mins and super friendly!
BEST MOVERS EVER!!!!!!  Efficient, NOTHING broken!!!  Pricing very good and very professional.
The food is amazing! The service was great! We'll come back every time were in town
Pei Wie out of this world. Chop Chicken Salad....best!
Fresh sushi. Great setting. Highly recommend for sushi lovers.
Joann is in fact dope. Very efficient and observant. Will definately use this one again.
I love pizza. any pizza. Don't take my opinion on it.  $5 for slice, and $5 for a draft beer.
Delish food, helpful servers, highly recommend. Make sure to try the Jackfruit Tacos!!
Good banana/chocolate pancakes. Sloooooow service
Had the 4 course menu, rack of lamb and a Scottish salmon. Was one of the best meals we've ever had.
Wonderful hotel.
Food very good. Service varies from good to poor. Cool atmosphere. Great mixologist
Great food and atmosphere!  Highly recommend  Sit outside, people watch and eat!
I've gotten all my glasses here for over 10 years. They are great and have amazing customer service.
Great food. Miguel was our waiter and he was very attentive, courteous, and handsome!
Awesome tacos- Will be back! Friendly and yummy ma and pa Mexican joint!
Awesome place. They always fit you in and Sophia is absolutely wonderful. So friendly!
Cake and coffee were great. Price a little overpriced, but would definitely come back.
You will wait for an hour in the waiting room and then 20 mins in the exam room. Minimum. Seriously.
Really good! the service is wonderful. I really like this place. It reminds me of a cool spot in LA.
Tasty food, clean atmosphere, good service for few years of my visit. Satisfied overall.
As always, great food for that late night fix. Also the shredded steak tacos are real good
Loved it. service was great, food was great . Medium pricey but for the food you can't complain.
I love getting their cowboy omelet it has chili and cheese on it.  Ooo Wee it's bomb.
Great customer service! First time having an oil change at this location.
Had a great latte and a delicious spicy Serrano chili scone. Close to the Renaissance Hotel.
do not go... i have been sick for days from what i ate!!!! Food is bad a waste of money
0... they just refused me services because I wanted to use my insurance to pay for my oil change.
Amazing brunch! Had the eggs benny and they were delicious. Came with side potatoes and salad.
Arguably the best BBQ in the Charlotte area. I have a service dog and he gets royal treatment.
Place is great, delicious crepes and waffles... Very reasonably priced... Friendly staff...
SUSHI as amazing at one time now we go there for the chef he his funny as hell.
Excellent desserts!
Get the TUNA MELT, but tell them to use MOZZARELLA CHEESE instead of Swiss cheese. :-)
Food was different but very delicious. Aaron was great! He made eating here a great experience.
Highly Recommend!!!  Dave is an honest mechanic who does a great job.  Very fair on price.
Fantastic Pad Thai at a reasonable price.  Friendly service, love it!
Good Food,Rude staff.Specially When u Ask to Pay with US $
There are many items to taste especially desserts. Within the budget overall good experience.
Great meat. We had brisket and short ribs and marinated steak. Fun atmosphere, good servers.
I like their atmosphere.  The food is not bad.  It's a good place chill and eat.
Outstanding cleaning service! Nora & Paulina are efficient and fast. I would highly recomend them!
Decent southern food. One of those places where the senior citizens flock to because it's not spicy.
Had a GREAT customer experience with Natashia and Spencer! This location is so great!
Great  show. I highly recommend  this it is out of this world.Go if you want great  entertainment
Great Company!  HONESTY and integrity.  Highly recommend! Very professional.
Banana with strawberry topping is my favorite. Nice atmosphere great product.
Too salty  I felt like they just put soy sauce into the soup, nothing else.
This place is as closed to real Thai food as it gets! Price is very good for the food!!
Damn good calzone! We love that gyros are on the menu too. Quick delivery and great value.
Best Micheleda's I've ever had!  Nachos are also GREAT 2 maybe 3 people can share the Nacho plate!
Obviously something was wrong, cuz they are .... GOOOOOOONNNNNE!  Closed for business!
A bit overpriced for mediocre bar food. Super loud atmosphere also...
Absolutely love this place the food is amazing and everyone that works there is very friendly.
Great food and great staff!!! Shrimp quesadilla and shrimp burrito were amazing!!! Fresh guacamole
Nice quite community-Big trees and green grass for my dog.  I love how close it is to Biltmore!
Love the pear salad. Pizzas are good too. I have always had good service. No complaints!
Love this Quicktrip, nice and new. Huge location, lots of things inside.
had egg benedict, average taste but acceptable. coffee was thick and strong. service was excellent
Trust the reviews! Don't bother wasting your time here. Very pushy staff and overpriced furniture.
super fresh sashimi.  attentive service.  creative dishes.
Lunch: Harper's Classic Club. Delicious. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Convenient.
Left a voicemail a week and half ago to set up a consult/ estimate. My call was never returned.
Got dinner for the three of us at their drive thru. All three of us now have very upset stomachs.
1st time in their and our little food was great. The prices are decent.
awful. man was very rude and creepy. did not leave us alone. turns out he's the manager. go figure!
Service was wonderful.  Phad Thai not that great.
Very good sandwiches and open 24/7 I believe.  Similar to firehouse subs if you have ever been.
Fast service, friendly, professional, and just what I needed to have my necklace shortened.
Yummy pizza, friendly people. Yay!
Clean clinic and friendly staff! Great organization with an honorable purpose!
My go to storage and moving guys.  Always professional, prompt.and accomodating.  Love them.
Please listen to Tim, and nate.  Trust me run away from this totally incompetent person
Excellent food! Quiche was amazing. Operations were slick. Loved the coffee. Will be back again!!!
Authentic NY spot. Bagels are just like NY'ers...salty on the outside, soft in the inside. :)
Shredded beef burrito was good though not enough heat. Service was good. Definitely should visit.
Exellebt experience i love the staff and Dr. I will tecommend it to all my family and freindd
This place looks like its getting ready to close down!!! Weird.
One of best pizza if you order out. Eating in is a steal!
Great food! And they probably have one of the bet lasagna a in Charlotte!
Beware of the Spaghetti and Meatballs, I got the worst food poisoning from here. Will never go back.
this place is pretty good tried coconut and taro for the first time pretty solid spot ...
Very good spot. I love their desert, ice cream sth. Lol. Also, they have a very nice surroundings!
An hour and a half wait for a stupid microchip and a vaccine shot. Not worth it.
Amazing food and service!!! Extremely high quality products. Will definitely be returning
Great way to show off the las Vegas strip
Tiffany is awesome! She does a great job with my hair and I highly recommend her
they did a good job on my nails. sweetest ladies ever. definitely recommend and would go again.
We always have a great experience at Hula's. Can't wait to check out their home on 7th Street.
Always help me pick out the perfect gift for my family.  Customer service is excellent!
Great go to spot for some tasty sandwiches when you are tired of the usual Vegas food.
Absolutely recommend this Italian restaurant  Food is delicious and service is perfect
Awesome service and best food I've ever had!! All organic and vegan brownies. Thanks rebol :)
Shop around and verify your needs before purchasing. Quality fabrics and good customer support.
Great customer service, friendly staff.  Definitely recommend this insurance company.
This place is superfluous. Just don't go there.
Great food and atmosphere. I had Mongolian beef yummy and my friend James had chicken he liked it
2.5hr wait for a technician!! Serious flaw in the system. There's a reason I hate Apple products!!!
This location is just okay, areas kinda ghetto but it's cool for a quick lunch after school.
Dr. Brady has been taking excellent care of our dogs for 18 years.  Wonderful place!!!
Richard is the best, grooming my little Yorky, Lilly! Richard really cares about his clients!
great price and excellent service   tried chicken pho delicious !!
Great food and service! Very relaxing upstairs and of course, I came home with a new shirt.
Awesome food, the burger w meat shaved on time was huge. My husband could only get through half.
Great customer service from Ana and some of the best Cuban food I've had in awhile highly satisfied
Excellent service! Food was great, will definitely be returning when visiting Las Vegas.
Food was amazing, service was even better! Chicken fried steak with 3 eggs was perfect!
Great service and really nice, texted and didn't expect that quick of replies and easy to work with.
It's a nice place to dine with friends and family.
No longer a best western
Fast enough just doesnt feel like the same selection than the one in Goodyear maybe I'm crazy ...
Breakfast was pretty good, but fairly overpriced and nothing special.
Excellent food and excellent time. Kyle was a great bartender. Chicken parm was excellent.
A breakfast and lunch place that's closed on Sundays? I get the reasoning but it still sucks.
This one is like all other japanese restaurants of the same price range. nothing special. mediocre
Very good.  Salads, steaks, garlic mash all great. The crap legs yummy too will go back
Good food options, staff is nice and fun, almost always a seat available.
Love the new items they got here.  Fresh burgers are amazing.  Love to stop here for a quick bite.
Love the vibe of the new store!  Amazing waffles, with great customer service!
What more can I say I love this store and go as much as I can I wish I could live in one lol
This is a great old school steak house in Las Vegas. I loved it...
LOVE this hospital. Really dedicated wonderful nurses.
slum lords, wish they would leave our town, rude staff, cant stop making excuses
I didnt like this place. plain food. waited 45 minutes for 3 slices of plain pizza.
Had a lot of fun here. Spacious, great lighting, has an outdoor patio. Dress code isn't too strict.
1st time visiting... amazing food!! Most everything (even rice and beans) is home made.  Loved it!
Damn good sandwiches!  I'd recommend the montagu.
Great atomosphere.  Fun place to bring the family and friends and have a great time.
This is a charming European feeling Vegas cafe spot that serves wonderful espresso!
Food was good.  Drinks expensive, just okay.  Nickel and dime u for everything.  No customer service
Clientele are old rigid couples not a very inviting atmosphere food and drink are mediocre.
Food is good.   Staff friendly.  BBQ sauce is really good.  Nice place for casual dining.
Authentic and yum. The injera would have been better served warm. This is a vegetarians delight
Amazing cheese curds. The service isn't always the best but good food and better beer.
Tuesday Wing Nights are the reason to go.  Dry Rub Buffalo is great.
I gained weight because of this store.
these people literally never answer theirs phones. And call back days later. Unacceptable.
I ordered the beef combo for two people. The  beef tastes great and the service is amazing.
Great dim sum place near downtown. It was a bit slow this last weekend.  Would I go back? Yes
Amazing service! My dog is now super clean! They also have pick up service! THNAK YOU!
1. Flour tortilla chips are to die for!  2. Very attentive staff. 3. Family friendly environment.
Great food. Get the steak tartare and the tenderloin and make reservations.
Oyshi, always a pleasure to eat at your establishment. Great service and awesome sushi.
took my 2 sons to eat after getting hair cut. boys sai pizza was best they have ever.
PEGGY IS AMAZING if she is there please request her as a server. Made my experience 10x better
I love you, your cookies, your cupcakes and your goods. That is all.
This was a WONDERFUL restaurant!  Great ambiance, incredible appetizer menu!
Good Food, but over priced. Not worth the extra expense.
Picked up a case of Not Your Father's Root Beer. Great little spot.
Good time, really good food.  Nice view of the strip.
Dancing girls on pole, hot people, an way cool:)
Delicious food! Fast service and the best owners! Favorite breakfast spot. Love Vickie's!
Could've honestly given this negative stars. Terrible food, terrible service, wrongly charged.
Fresh food made quick!! Great quality of meat and friendly service!   Get it Mike's way!
Best sushi I have had since HI!  I love the happy hour at this place.  Def. best in town!!!
Awesome burgers and dogs with a great secret sauce!!
Was skeptical of the food at first bc its sort of an hole in the wall place. But they have good food
Awesome boba! I got the milk tea, extra boba. Glad to know this place is here, I'll be back!
Please come to downtown Phoenix!!!! This place is consistently fantastic.
Pizza. Cold. Burnt. Old. Tasteless.
Very classic ice cream shop look. They have plenty of flavors and lots to look at!
No Hot Mustard :(
Fantastic and authentic Thai food.  Not the cheapest prices but worth it!
It's really good! Friendly staff. Boba/pearl are soft and not hard to chew. It's addicting!
Super friendly helpful staff, always so welcoming! Love the color I get and the studio!
Went here because we saw it on triple D. Great food home- like vibe.
Terrible food and worse service. Buyer beware if the restaurant is empty it's for a good reason!
The burgers are amazing! Wish they had more kinds! And the churro ice cream sandwich was heavenly.
Everything I've had of this place is delicious from the pizza to the Philly cheese steak
This was my first time trying Columbian food and I loved it. The arepas was to die for
My tile looks amazing!  Adam was super professional and prompt. Thanks again Adam and Nick!
Travis was unbelievable!!!! Great Service!!!! Thank you for all your help.
This place is a must! Excellent food.... Great Service and the margaritas are amazing.
Always have great service here. Employees are very professional. If you need a oil change, stop in!
Earl and Dave were great.  Another shop tried to sell me a new transmission.  Honesty pays!
If your planning to have implant  and Dr. Rick Copithone is one of the best  Doctor  .
We had the all you can eat sushi special. The specialty rolls and desserts are amazing.
7PM, St. Patty's Day 2015 and no Corned Beef? SERIOUSLY!? Tells you all you need to know.
Best naan in Toronto, buffet is a good deal.
Maybe best meal I have had in Vegas.. nothing  fancy but really  fresh and delicious.
Very pretty things and the nicest staff. No plus sizes for my size 16 bride to be bestie :(
Great service. I went looking for sportswear for my daughter. The staff was friendly and helpful.
Friendly service. and a great view of the Encore, Wynn, and Palazzo! Will definitely return. :)
Fantastic and Authentic Pizza! Best I've found in Arizona. Hands down my new go to pizza joint!!!
The caramel bacon glazed donut was awesome!
Love this place! My hubby and I are regulars and iv never had anything I didn't like from there!
Great lunch deals - but the happy hour specials are DEF the best!
Todd Ring is the SHIT! Awesome place, great people :)
Best airport sushi I have ever had, hands down. Be careful with the CLT roll, it is SPICY!
Decent food and good service. Prices usually start at $8 for a lunch plate.
Their eggs Benedict is also really good!
Awesome pizza, great drinks, fun bartenders!
Long line so I expected something spectacular. It was just average Italian food with a high price.
Great Food, Great Prices. Authentic Japanese Sushi Place, not like the ChinaMan imitation sushi :)
Best tonkatsu I have ever tried so far ! Highly recommand ! Can wait to have it again
Meh food, selection, cleanliness. Good price, though, and nice view and service.
Due to road construction a little more difficult to get to, but still the best tacos.
Not bad. I ordered pad thai. Its good but swollen up.   Except that everything is okay.
A great 15min hike to the top of the mountain. Brought our dog and she loved it. Still has VIEWS!!!
Service was very slow even though the restaurant wasn't busy. Plus didn't get what we ordered. Avoid
Booking my second cleaning with Queen of Maids today. Maybe I've finally found a keeper.
.
If you are unsure about Indian food order butter chicken, saffron rice and garlic nan.
Shows use to higher end. Now offering Lower end shows. Not worth the yearly membership.
Nice apartments. Friendly neighbors, great staff, quiet complex located in the corner of Las Vegas
Indian food. Good buffet option for lunch for both veg and non veg.
good beer selection - pretty decent food for a bar. service is random.
Customer service and the food was fantastic! I will definitely be returning again and again.
Jewel made my daughters wedding cake.   It was beautiful and delicious.  Everyone raved about it.
Cheap good haircuts and although painful, threading was top notch!! I would recommend this spot!
Great customer service as always. Dedicated staff and quality of service is well above expectations.
My favorite fast food breakfast. Biscuits and gravy are better than any chain restaurant by far.
Best Mexican Food in Gilbert!! Friendly staff. The quality of the food is a 10 out of 10!
Had some great late night sushi. Reasonably priced and delicious. Good crowd even at 11PM
We went for Passport photos. We were taken care of quickly and professionally.  Thank you!
I got the pork chipotle and my wife got the smoked chicken enchilada. Mine was good, hers was great!
Delish! We were celebrating my brother's 21st and my cousins 30th bday in Vegas. Perfect dinner!
Love the sushi! Excellent service by Bia. She is so sweet and attentive. Highly recommend!
MhhHhhhh they have a sushi roll called OH MAH GOD! and LITERALLY your like OMG!!!
Marcia took great care of us! The cookie crepe was phenomenal and their soy lattes are killer.
Unimpressive menu and overall bland flavors. Only average Indian food.
Any place that has coffee and custard filled crullers is going to have a warm spot in my heart
Super fun!  Make it an anniversary date and bring some friends!!     gr8 host  ThankU again Devon
Very Nice place with good service. For a buffet the food is excellent. I recommand this place.
Everything is delicious!  Eat here if you get the chance.  My favorite is the Caprese Salad
Such a great place to get good ice cream. I love the little baby cones they have my nephews love it.
This place is great!! The office is understanding and works with you to get things done.
The bed was filthy here and the girls at front desk aren't very friendly. Not coming back.
Still the worst dealerships with Camelback Toyota since the 90's  stay clear of this THEIVES
Average food. Service was not very good. I was here for a lunch meeting. I would prob not come back
Southern tier was incredible. Great service and great food. I will definitely be back
Waiter extremely helpful with suggestions for new combinations.  Excellent recommendations
A good resort for a quick staycation or getting away!!!
We had a horrible experience. Unprofessional and rude. Stay away!
Excellent service et poulet au beurre. Demandez le cari de tilapia.
probably the best sushi i've had in Toronto. highly recommended.
Top notch food. We waited about 45 minutes for a party of three but it was well worth it.
Love there ginger dressing and great prices. Always fresh and fast . Top 10 sushi places
My twin's have been seeing Dr Kandoth since they left the NICU. Great doctor & wonderful staff
Service was very good. Food was expensive for what it was. Not a great value in my opinion.
Fun place. Menu is typical pizza joint, but the live organ music sets this gem apart from the rest.
Best possible location for the Scottsdale Culinary Festival!  My wife and I go every year!
This store has greatly improved customer service since my last visit. It's more adult now. Good job!
Good choices on the menu. Lots of seating. Good service. It's like a nicer Denny's.
My favourite place to buy locally roasted beans.  The Prince of Darkness roast is fantastic.
Came here a month ago with a group of my car buddies. Even though service was slow, food was decent.
Awesome Sushi place.  Great decor and excellent service.
Great food, service and atmosphere. By far the best Korean BBQ in Las Vegas. You must try this!!
Food is pricy and quality inconsistent. Will try again when they've been open longer.
Amazing food & staff are so friendly my sisters and I  always go *rice and pork is our favorite
While the food is not too great here, the company does business with a crooked valet service
No Gamble never fails me.  Another great job, quality work, on time arrival.  Thanks again!
Everything from taste to service is fabulous!!! Thank you Sal for making it happen !!!
Good service, very mediocre steak, sides and dessert.
Pretty decent food! We usually go because of the milkshakes and fries. Burgers are decent.
it's such a shame this place shut down.  I always always always enjoyed their tacos!!!
The BLT salad is wonderful and the salmon sliders rock. The tomato bisque is really wonderful.
You're never coming, are you?
Amazing day on the patio! Great sangria and appetizers! Will be back soon! Great service!
Fantastic service, reasonable prices, great follow up.  I will return.
So thankful for this shop and its sorbet!!! Very clean good service and better gelato.
Delicious food and friendly staff! Ordering out was so easy! Made my night, Thank you.
I really enjoy places like this to eat, service was great and I loved the atmosphere!
Fun place to eat but pizza is ... Eh. Marinara sauce has a strong/funny taste. Pizzookies are good!
Another gas station! They have similar items to other gas stations.
Service is wonderful! Avocado toast was amazing! And i had the best almond latte ever!
NIce place. Food is good and affordable, yet it's nice enough to have a semi-fancy night out at too.
Love the mochi, the people are friendly. I haven't gone lately but I'm sure it's still as good.
Great pizza...wonderful craft beer.  Locally sourced.  Excellent service.  Nice patio area.
Good halal food for the money,  especially right off the strip. I ate five meals here in three days
You're in good, skilled hands with Dr. Ryan Grabow!
Raj was great! She was fast and thorough. I wish I lived here still so I could see her regularly!
OMG Everything about this place is amazing foods beyond good staff friendly Must eat type of place!!
Can't complain other than the now legible sign out front.  Seriously, it's so good!
Beautiful. Bring bird seed and your camera.
Miguel and his team are very responsive and easy to work with.
Great food! Amazing server... Terrible HOST! Seemed like she was having a rough day..
We called and were seen the same day. Very thorough allergy testing and the staff was great!
Great place to get you car serviced
Excellent staff and good prices. Staff listens and gives good advise. Highly recommend.
This is a great neighborhood hangout. They have the best flatbreads and a good craft beer selection.
do not go into this store, they are rude and didn't even try helping.  bad customer service
Had a fabulous steak dinner here last night. Amazing, friendly service and great food!
This is in my top 3 favorite pizza places. It's that good.
Amazing outdoor seating area perfect for soaking up some vitamin D.
Buyer beware. $8.69 for a frozen soft pretzel. Just like the one from the grocery store. Returned
Best burrito in town hands down. Friendly service too! Love the pulled pork burrito.
It's clean and quiet, and the machines are reasonably priced.  Haven't had any problems there yet!
Best nail studio I have ever experience I've honestly ever had. I definitely recommend this place.
This place stinks of corpulent white Ameri-get off yer-cans! Black power
Great ice cream. You should try it. As good as when I was a teenager. Good and consistent
We had the freshess oysters in Las Vegas. Loved it and im coming back tomorrow.
Terrific food with a specialty in recipes from Hidalgo, Mexico.  We are now regular customers!
Only place I know of in Charlotte you can get pork roll egg and cheese sandwich, and it's great!
They make an amazing Americano, I look forward to getting Pilot's every time I'm near Union station!
Best breakfast for the money!  Great staff, great service!!  Loved the blueberry pancakes.  ;)
HORRIBLE SERVICE. Do not go here! They will waste your time. Better luck at Canadian Tire next door.
Why waste my time writing a review if you're going to hide it. Sometimes the truth hurts. Out.
Tom is the sweetest man walking around give 10000% hospitality to costumers. Love him!
Great service, came right to my place and fixed my windshield! Looks like brand new! Than You
l got the Town bacon burger, with fries, and it was the bomb!
Shaved ice and Fish cake (fish shaped buns filled with redbean is reasonable price and pretty good.
It's a good local spot. Not the fanciest you'll find. It good fusion food and nice stafd
Sam was a great server, very kind and we loved the food!
Worst Taco Hell Ever.  All I have to say. Avoid at all cost.  0 stars!
Brunch was awesome. Wanted key lime pie for desert, but no longer on the menu, Are You Mental????
Guess they don't realize this an airport. We don't have time for extremely slow service.
It's a Pittsburgh must. I recommend the Wisconsin cheddar. Staff is also very friendly.
Very clean ,beds are awesome and the staff are friendly me and my husband love this place
Worst sushi in Phoenix? Decide for yourself if you dare!
best pizza in the valley! good service. nice selection of wine and beer.
Grease + Huge Portions + Low Prices = Solid Breakfast
Chicago Dog.  Just go do it.  You'll be glad you did.  Quick, friendly service.
Solid buffet, variety of foods was as good as any, quality was variable but overall enjoyed!
Not a fan, really greasy burgers, definitely does not live up to the hype.
Food is great, skewers are definitely worth to try! And the restaurant has a very nice atmosphere
I love coming here. I've gotten my eyebrows down by Sheila and Eli. They're both great.
A sido una de mis mejores experiencias con Starbucks! Estar  m s que encantada de volver aqu . C:
Fantastic food, cozy atmosphere, great wine selection from the bar staff
This place is great.  The service and food was great.  If you are a vegan i hightly recommend going.
Great service & cute store. Modest clothing and one of a kind furniture
The Wicked Spoon vs. Bacchanal?  Bacchanal Buffet wins hands down!!  Their prime ribbbbbb... drooool
Three words: a-maze-ing! Consistently great food!, very friendly staff, adorable decor.
new concept. something different. I had creme brulee and it was light tasting not sweet.
the crepes were really good, i loved the whole wheat crepe. Great place
Creepy and a total dive. Last time I went I got cornered by an old man with bad skin.
Great coffee! Sat out on the patio and enjoyed my americano. Will definitely be coming back here.
Dr. X got water wet. They said we don't cur.. it's only water.  Your Louie voutton will dry off.
Great new place in Cornelius.   Food is incredible!  Spring roll appetizer is excellent!
It was good but it took a long time to get my mean.
Very good customer service. Jovanni really help us out and a lot of selections of furnitures...
Always fresh, always good. Staff is always friendly, I recommend the favorite and grilled beef.
Great, very authentic brick-oven pizza.
Very nice rooms. Great restaurants.  Good service.   I would stay here again.
Sorry the chips aren't free afterall.  But for a buck, it's still a great deal!
The mockico bento with fried rice is where it's at.
Great food and Great prices!!!  My family of 4 eats for about 20 bucks!!  We are regulars!!!
Nice cafe, very relaxing. Been here a couple times. Great desserts. Highly recommend the Ravioli.
LOVE Tammy! She's my girl. She always does a great job on my mani/pedi with clear coat.
Hot yummy pho, always good. Comes out fast. Egg rolls are always delicious too. Cute waiters..lol
Frozen burgers.  They aren't fresh.  Disappointing.
J'adore
Went there on October 2012 on such short notice. Stayed 1 night due to it's expensive price.
It does not get any better then this.Amazing breakfast Amazing Lunch Amazing food and service.
Worst Steak ever.  Service was ok.  View: amaizing.  Never again!
Thank you for fixing my nails from b&t when they messed them up! You're a lifesaver!
Super fast and efficient.  In/Out in less than 30 minutes, and reasonable pricing.
Its walmart.  This store is well stocked  Ample parking
Some of the worst service I've ever had. Been here over 30 minutes for lunch and still no food.
great food, great drinks, great time... gotsta come back for this one! (thanks bill and kim!)
Nice people, great food! Realized how bad Taco Bell s@cks when ordered Chicken quesadilla there!
Price point  is very good and quality is above its value! Definitely recommend to friends and family
Super cute themed cupcake store, their cupcakes are delicious as well. The staff is very nice too.
One of the best vegan restaurants in Vegas! The food is amazing and service is impeccable!
Great rates and super friendly. Highly recommended!
Bad service at the bar and restaurant, but good food and outdoor seating and reasonable pricing.
So amazing this place is  ! Very nice place and recommend to everyone , great customer service ....
Our dentistry practice for years. Great staff. Caring doctors.
Love Bfast at this place! Prices are OK not cheap but what is anymore?
I love it here. Nice atmosphere, good drinks. I love the Cafe Miel and the mate latte.
Real as it gets! Fresh, delicious, made the way they're supposed to be and all out perfect!!
So good! everything is super fresh. Fast line despite being very busy. I will be back.
Great food. Fast service. And the nitrogen ice cream is not only cool to watch but delicious to eat.
Great show. Loved the music. A nice tribute to Elvis...fun and visual...
I really liked Cowboy Ciao. The West Coast Wrap was great. The service was excellent.
My favorite Mexican food restaurant. Sometimes there is a bit of a wait, but it is worth it.
Good Sandwiches ...... good prices can't wait to go back!
This is the place you have been looking for. Great food, good price and fun
Good food! Nice inside! Ambers a good server! I like how they decorated the place for Halloween!
Horrible just horrible stay far away unless you enjoy getting ripped off for bad service
Wrap are great.  The service is slow and not always good.
It's cheap, it's edible & it's nothing special.  Very thin patty on unseeded bun and average fries.
Amazing! My first time ever. Melanie is the bomb.. professional, clean and very friendly
The Carne Asada burrito is hands down the best in town! Bring your appetite, these things are huge.
Great homemade food, well-priced, casual restaurant.
No longer Tan Rx, purchased by Skin Deep Mega Tanning.
Limited menu, food not very tasty or unique.
A little pricey, but at least he was up front with the price. And he did fix the issue
Love it here! Great service. Just extremely difficult to get in but that's my schedule.
Was told at 5am that burgers arent made until 4pm by some chubby ogre latina.  Stay in school kids.
My cousin in Vegas went to this shop. They were awesome!
the service was amazing I loved the beef brisket Angela nena were great maybe me wanna come back :))
Great food, atmosphere and staff.  Enjoy having lunch that is not a buffet at an Indian restaurant.
love the decor  Great food. Great  Happy hour.  friendly service. winning..!!!
Nissan Roque - do they make a six cylinder for  this vehicle?
The service was fast and the hairdresser(Ramona) did an excellent job, clse to home.
Ordered the lamb massala which was amazing. The lunch buffet had really delicious options
It's okay. Kinda hyped up. Expensive for what you get and service isn't the greatest.
Avoid this place if you are looking to buy a used car or they'll rip you off .
Service was horrible and the waitress didn't seem to care that is was horrible... never going back
Refreshing coffee shop.  Friendly staff and good coffee.  Elvis bagel is a great go to.
Bad, bad, bad, all around terrible!  Bad customer service. Will avoid Air Canada like the plague!
The registration  people are rude and they don't care about their guest and their service are sucks.
Awesome Philly Cheese Steak! Will definitely be back. Roxy gave us excellent service!
Honestly, why is this place a big deal at all?  Just an average bagel.
Great local thai place - the curry and thai rolls are delicious!
Best Taiwanese restaurant so far since I came to the states!!!!!!!!!!
Great restaurant, as always. Owner is changed, an will have more Taiwan food, expect more now ;)
Amazing happy hour! Spendy but not at happy hour.
Delicious Thai foods. Place is cozy and nice. Gotta come back to try  the different dish.
Great Theater!!! Wish they had these when I lived in CA.
My absolute, definitive #1 spot for grabbing a breakfast burrito. These guys are fantastic!
Moderate food and service. Highly over-priced.
Trop de choix de poutines c'est le paradis !!!
Try the restaurants next door instead....
A great dog park with 2 sections (big or little dogs).  Lots of room to let them run.
Awesome place to get a quick drink, ice cream cone, or candy. Go check it out!
Had the Bobbie....OMG. awesome sandwich. Place was clean and staff was great. Can't wait to return.
Grate food cold beer and Hot women
Don't know why this restaurant have 3.5 stars?!? Food was to the finest and great service.
Accurate, concise and reliable. Ginger is the best. Thank you for making my job easier.
So fun the chef is as great !  Kimchee bomb! Being half korean great digs! Great drinks!!
Great food, polite staff. We get take out from here all the time! Definitely recommend!
Unfriendly staff, taking orders were a chore, forced us to pay in one bill, just utter bad attitude.
Cheap drinks, daily specials and a great atmosphere. Features karaoke and DJ's on the weekends
Karaoke 10pm Monday, Friday and Saturday...702-737-1699...
I love coming here for food. It has a great staff as well as great meat and veggies at a low cost.
Jack and Alex are very talented conductors for the Chandler Symphony.  The concerts are fabulous!
Great experience like always...got smog check and registered car in 8 minutes!!!! Thanks guys
No credit cards or debit cards. Won't be shopping here again. No interest in customer convenience.
excellent and fresh sushi - my favorites are the asu roll & the second climax roll.
Burritos were ok, Tex Mex with American Flavors. Its OK for lunch
Pretty damn good, can't find better in Toronto, especially not from a food truck.
Super love this place! I go here anytime I need a facial, massage or girl time!
Best cheese curds in town! Great beers on draft.
PERFECT! Got my rock and roll groove thing on in a big way! Love these guys.
Eric, the lead recovery analyst is down to earth. He stayed late and completed my data recovery
The best of the Postinos in Phoenix. Epitome of a great restaurant and dining experience.
Good food, pleasant service.Really liked the sausage gravy.
I am new in town and this bar has that neighborhood feel to it. Friendly people relaxed atmosphere.
Really appreciate this team of all women doctors.  Super caring and professional.
can't go wrong for poutine in montreal..24 hrs..friendly service
Awesome little new sushi joint in Mesa Riverview center. Friendly staff and fantastic food.
Fixed my shattered iphone6 and it was ready for me in 45 minutes! Super happy with the service!
I used to love this place but the GM sucks!!! Sorry Randy
Awesome pulled pork sandwich.  Fries are the best ever. Very relaxed. Prices are real fare.
Ok food. Overpriced for what you get in my opinion.
there every Sunday morning for breakfast great food great service awesome staff great prices.
GREAT food for a reasonable price!!! Love this place. Highly recommend the "Settabello" pizza!
I would like to say that my experience at this store was very wonderful. Rudy was very helpful
Takes 15 mins to get a salad than they forget my Got and spicy and I have to wait longer smh
Horrible service. The staff are so rude and unfriendly. The worst service I have ever experienced.
:) loved my haircut! All the staff are super nice and friendly clean and was very enjoyable
This place is awesome. I get the same thing everytime. Steak n Fries is outta this world.
Changed my review to one star based on the hostess last night. Will never eat here again.
Good selection of low-carb, low-sugar foods, decent prices and great customer service!
I've been to this place twice now and both times have been amazing . Love the margaritas
Good food and service.  3 of us had different entrees-all were fine.
Great place to catch a baseball game especially if its for the USA Junior Olympics!
Great food and experience. We went with a combination of meat and it was really good.
Great Chinese food at a great price.  I especially like General Tsos Chicken with Lo Mein
Victoria is awesome!! She so helpful and knowledgeable, made shopping confrontable and causal.
Excellent Menu with lots of choice. Price reasonably , good environment.  No credit card accepted :(
Darryl is a great Sales man. He is very honest and knowledgeable about all of the furniture.
Nice twist on a burrito - with rolled sushi. Try the house rolls to start. Quick lunch.
Found some cool stuff here, very big store, very well kept and friendly staff
Got my couches here, easy in easy out. You get what you pay for in regards to any kind of furniture.
good food just like pita plus in miami.the owner very helpful.its fast food.
Charged incorrectly for the 10th time in a row.  SMH. What do you expect for minimum wage
We love this Fat willys location! Right on the golf course and great food!
La fameuse poutine de la banquise!! Quoi dire: elle est excellente!! The best in town!!
When I want to eat something fast, but stay away from burgers...this is my go to place.
Lunch buffet was so good and reasonably priced!  We'll definitely be going back.
My new fave sushi spot!!! BEST HH specials!!!
Perhaps the worlds slowest Starbucks!!  It shouldn't take 20 minutes to run 10 cars through!
Hands down! The best Brazilian Wax I have ever gotten. Thank you Ana! Highly recommend this place.
Very talented and amazing group. Buffet was really good. A must see when in Phoenix area.
Delicious sandwiches! Roast pork banh mi and a meatball version. Quick and friendly too.
The Dan Dan was great!! Definitely want to come back and try out the other ramen flavors
30 minutes to make 4 fish tacos and they screwed up the order.  Never again.
Spa bistro. Best. Pho. Ever.  It's that simple.
Great pizza, best in Calgary at the moment!
FANTASTIC.   Seriously. Altius was such a delight. Husband and I took the Duquense
Always great service here. Food took some time but, expected that with a bunch of games going on.
Great food I am from Montana nothing close to this a home. Have ate there  many times will continue.
Great Italian food, best lasagna I've had in the valley, the bread with sesame seeds is amazing/
Kelsey personality makes the appointment go by faster, and my eyelashes are always looking great
delicious,  nutritious,  go to the buffet 12-1 ! its a shame they are closed on mondays though.....
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.
One of the best coffee places in Vegas. The Chai Latte is seriously the best I've ever had.
Good service, great food and I will always return for the best Vietnamese coffee ever!
Great place people and price.  You can be yourself and not worry about trying to impress
I used to love KGB. No more all you can eat! sucks.
Horrible, awful customer service. Hostess was rude and incompetent. We will never eat here again.
I went back here and saw that they had a "C" health grade, will not return after seeing the sign.
Loved the avocado roll, shrimp ceviche,  Dixie chicken and voodoo rice on happy hour!
I love Roadrunner.  Whenever I am there I always have a good meal.
Family run business, home style type of food which is amazing. The Greek fries is a must try!
They did everything in their power to make it a positive experience.
15 % discount for military .  A great location and great service.  Thanks Antoine!
Good sushi. Pricey but still worth it. If you liked the old Mikasa you will like Kokoro.
Food is fresh you can see them cooking it. Their vermicelli bowls are delicious. The pork is a must.
Robert was great getting me set-up with my unit and gave me great customer service!!!
Oxtail Chilli Cheese Fries are outstanding.
Breakfast burrito is made with fried eggs and steak.  Very good.  Definitely a returning customer.
Excellent service and food.  Enjoy filet mignon while viewing the Bellagio water show.
Nice folks and the management team is superb!!!
Oh how I missed this place. It's almost tradition to come here when I'm on the strip.
This place was good. Fast service. Half sandwich half soup is the way to go. Reasonbly priced.
All three negative reviews have been removed - what good is yelp if honest reviews don't get shown?
for the price, this place gets it done. salmon crunchy forever
Everything was very delicious. The dim sum wad quite good. Also try the roasted duck.
New shop, but a good reasonably priced chicken joint. Worth a try. Serving size is generous.
I ordered the Original Jersey Mikes hot sub. It was so fresh and tasty! I wish we had on near home!
This place was alright. Very pricey for a Chinese buffet. I probably won't ever go back.
Wow what a great restaurant the food is amazing and the staff is very friendly can't wait to go back
The best and the most lovely Korean Restaurant on Bloor K-Town.
Long lines but always worth it.  The breakfast buzz is my all time favorite pick me up.
Craig Lynch was personal, efficient and concise. My utmost gratitude.
Recommend for lunch crowd,  great service, decent food, good sake, ok price.
Tom kha soup is my new benchmark for comparison. Delicious.
Great company very timely and resonable  rates  great customer service
I always leave this Salon feeling like a model. Ask for Courtney, she is awesome.
My boy Kyle is hella chill. If you don't know him, then you missing out how chill he is
Honestly, the sushi is great but not amazing and also pretty overpriced.
Tacos are amazing! Must have on a Wednesday night. Bartender was really friendly and helpful too!
This place has a great staff. Its nice and clean and they SANITIZE!
I love the wor wonton we eat a couple of times a month. Always friendly and fast service.
Now we are talking - great food, great prices, clean space and friendly staff. BINGO!
Service is always fantastic. Bruschetta is unreal, brunch is unreal. No complaints
Great food ordered a few things and shared ordered chicken beef and a hot pot and gyoza
Lovely place to have a peaceful, well made beer. The Wheatstalk Imperial Hefeweizen was exceptional.
Awesome food and quick service but the wait can get long. The price is also a lot pricier.
If you like calamari, go to Marven's. Price-quality ratio in this restaurant is good!
Competitively priced, did a good job, finished within 2 days after I called for a quote.
great chicago style thin crust pizza with a sweet sauce cut into squares. simple as that!
Sprinkler doctors did a great job adding some extra drips to my system.  Loren did an excellent job.
Still dream about their fish tacos...delicious, reasonably priced and quick service. Will return!
Charburger was about a pound, it was huge and delicious! Ice Cream Shakes were great too.
Very nice place. I love going in here to buy gifts for my father in law!
Love the mac and cheese. Choice of dips is cool too. Great breading to the chicken. Panky. Style.
Nice pleasant place for lunch. Great stacked enchiladas and a lunch special of lazy tacos.
Excellent food, clean atmospere, great service.  Reasonable prices.  Love this place!
Such great service. Had four pedicures done and everyone left super happy and relaxed.
Best and most trustworthy attorney in town ... Available almost anytime ... Highly recommend !
meh. maybe i got the wrong thing. Everyone loves this place so ignore this review haha
Yummy vegan food! This was my first time and the lunch buffet was 90% vegan delightfulness.
Pomegranate Cafe has delicious vegan dishes. Their desserts and so yummy. Smoothies are energizing.
Adore.
Nice Rooms. Short ride to the airport. Used MyVegas for comped room.
Good and simple south Indian thali. You have north Indian options as well but we never tried
Wonderful food, big portions and friendly staff.  I go there all the time for my Chinese food.
Not to much to say but I agree with with Nutfish and they dont comp your drinks anymore.
The food is amazing! The sauces compliment the combos fabulously. Much variety in meats and stuff.
Food was hot and delicious. Staff was friendly and quick. I tried the pepper barrel tenders. Yum!
The worst! 9 hours to get a friggin beer. Cool deco but full of losers
Food was really good, but $14 for a carry-out Greek salad seemed kinda pricey...
I would never shop here. Over priced and terrible quality of food and service.
Food was good as I had ordered,  nothing fancy, quick and easy.
Awesome thai at reasonable prices. Spice level is true to a t  Best drunken noodles in town
Food was not great not authentic Mexican restaurant ! Service was great! Clean and neat .
Legit Mexican food. Good clean restaurant and good atmosphere. I would highly recommend it.
Love this bar going to rage extremely hard and these guys support my drinking habits!!!
A good standby. Simple Indian but tasty. Our usual when we don't want to trek to Little India
It's chilli's. Not good. Not bad. You get exactly what you expect. Service is good, place is clean.
This is probably the worst McDonald's I've been to.
Pizza is good.  Got the pasta and it was bland not thrilled with the salad either
Excellent coffee, very friendly staff! Love the environment and the window seats.
I have a Standard Poodle and they make her look gorgeous. Friendly, professional, reasonable price
Came for happy hour. Awesome creative food. PERFECT portions. Good service. Cute artsy place.
Good bagels as usual. Love the larg braided ones...
Really good chicken shawarma! Prices are kinda expensive though. Check in for a free baklava
Yup went here during the lunch hour and they were closed. I'm confused? Weird and Unprofessional
Loved the nails & toes Joely did for me! & I had a drink while getting my pedicure? SCORE.
Excellent balcony rooms. Very long walk from MGM. Great staff. Parking is a hassle .
Great portions for the price. Great flavors. Postmates delivery was on time. Recommended.
Easily the best hoagies in Pittsburgh. The only downside is the wait can be a little long.
College bar staple with great half-price food, a large menu, and excellent beer specials.
Price is high. Burgers are good.  Fries were below average. Would for sure come again.
Short, but fun course... worth the green fee! Friendly staff. No driving range.
Great weekend brunch! I had the huevos rancheros and my wife had the mushroom omelette.
The server was sweet, the food was fresh and yummy, and the decor was nice. A pleasant experience.
Really limited sushi bar and no alcohol however a pretty good Japanese menu if you don't want sushi.
Amazing food! Great service - if you don't mind scantily clad chicks serving you.
Karaage was really good As well as the spicy miso! I had a bite of soy one too all very delicious
The quick response from management about my review earns the 5th star. :)
Horrible Food, Owner( manager) supper mean to employees and SUPER loud. NEVER going back again.
Wow great pasties lived in England for three years theses are better. Love the Royal. Mick
pasta was OK. Not the best not the worst. Wasn't thoroughly wowed...
Portion size was good but Kalua pork was very dry. Keoki brand Lau Lau is always good.
Post med school interview. Perfect. All the beer was wonderful and the service was great.
Only had apps (slider pork sandwiches).  Service was good, pork was ok, but had better BBQ.
I like their black bean burgers a lot.
A great place to bring people to show them sports at Phoenix. Wonderful atmosphere.
Drago is an amazing stylist who is very experienced in cut and colour. Well-priced.
Great place! I have been a patient for over a year and appreciate the good customer service!
Nice, cozy little place. The staff are very very friendly amd welcoming. Feels like home.
Pizza is always good, but the wait is generally long... Like stupid long wait for walk-up pizza.
Just improve on beverage selection.  Great team and great food
Firestarter is the best burger in town. No one is even close. I wish they were on the west side.
Hell yeah!  Need one of these in NorCal.  Great concept, great food, great Bloody Mary.
Has really good AMF!!!
The best seafood tacos in the city. A little pricy at $5 a taco, but worth it.
Worked with Alex on a sign and she was GREAT!!! Service definitely deserves 5 STARS!!!
I would say one of the top three breakfast dishes in Montreal - Huevos Rancheros (add bacon).
Delicious.  Nice atmosphere.  Kind of tucked away so its not too loud.
great food. good drinks. gross that the whole patio is smoking but inside is nice
Hi....  My name is Matt..  I have been addicted to Zoyo for a year now.   Help me.....
Great food and service! Best streak Fries ever! Will alway follow no matter where they move too!!!
Fun friendly place. The food is ok & better than other Mexican places in the same area.
Wonderful flowers and plants. Bought an ivy plant here and it stayed living for a long time
My family was in town for a wedding, and we all loved this place!  This was a delightful find.
My first time was great. I have a Caesar salad with chicken. It was good and well priced for lunch.
Great wines reasonably priced.  Every Friday is $10 wine tasting and saturdays has live music
Did me and the wife. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. My place in Scottsdale for now on
Great place and nice staff... Delicious food and variety .. definitely we'll be back
Great atmosphere and staff. Very friendly and helpful. Love the app too for great deals!
Just horrible...anyone pathetic enough to go to McDonald's deserves this disappoitnmemt
Very friendly and fast customer service. Highly recommended! Affordable and very helpful!
The bun was amazing!! The workers were really friendly. I would definitely go back here
Nice Mom & Pop restaurant to dine at good food quick service...Will be dinning here again
They make a delicious falafel sandwich. Definitely the best in the downtown Tempe area.
Love this place. The food is incredible.  It is a little pricey but worth it for the price.
Food is good and authentic.  Atmosphere leaves a little to be desired but overall good experience.
So far not so good, open the lobby door just to get it slammed and locked right in our face.
Incredible church and architecture. Those who took photos during service inside are daring.
Love this ball park! Top Quality easy to park and get in and out.
It's hands down the best sushi in Phx. Amazing happy hour, incredible service, and tasty rolls!
Awesome espresso and even better when paired with their delicious brownies. The staff is also great.
Great lunch spot and highly recommend the hummus, waffle fries and the caramel cheesecake dessert
They take great pride in customer service which is a rare thing with mechanics nowadays
Friendly staff, clean & modern salon, properly trained stylists. I highly recommend Lauren!
I love the green chili omelet. Great service too.
Great happy hour. Apps are delish. Service is amazing. Skip the teas and baklava though.
Great customer service at this location! Staff is much mor friendlier than Beachwood!!
Fabulous service everytime I have come here. I have shoe sizes and they know their stuff
Good food!  Portion size was good.  I highly recommend the Thai coffee!  We will be back!
Had the pierogie toast at Josephine's Toast. Loved it. Everyone loved their food and the space.
Good value, friendly service, clean premises. Can't go wrong with chicken shwarma or the combo meal
One of the finest Thai foods ever ! Brilliant shrimp fried rice paired with green curry..
Do NOT miss the apple cider margarita while its on the bar menu...quintessential autumn drink!
Very nice arrangement on short notice.  Reasonably priced but not inexpensive.  Very pleasant staff.
I've been here twice and both times I've really enjoyed the food.
I thought it was a cool place on the water.  Service was decent.  Location was ideal.
Best thai food I've had in Pittsburgh, hands down.
Great experience. Super helpful staff and I would recommend this dealership.
Miso soup was not good at all, the sushi was horrible. Will not return to this location
Everything was amazing- food, atmosphere, service. Especially loved the poached egg app and gnocchi!
Excellent service and incredible haircuts. It's a vibrant setting with a modern feel.
Great atmosphere. Good food. Good service. Great for any occasion really... Simplicity in its best.
Good quality food, very tasty, & really large portions (at least the noodle bowl was).
In love with this fantastic place almost 3 years and I cannot found something better!
Great food, service, and they deliver.  Nice little Sushi Cafe in Henderson
Disappointed. After reading previous reviews I had higher hopes. I won't be going back.
The taste is pretty good. The portion is not as big as many other Chinese places. I would come back.
The best lash place in town!  All the staff is super amazing and do the best lashes!!
Great location and good spot for working lunches! We enjoy bringing clients here.
Cant give more than one star when the owner's website is not viewable on android phones and tablets.
Great BDay dinner for my husband! Our waiter Ott was fabulous and made it a spectacular evening!
Cool new spot in Ahwatukee!  Great food and awesome service!  Can't wait for the patio to open.
Excellent pho soup.  Great waiter. Thanks James!
Huge slice!!!. Friendly staff and great tasting pizza I won't be eating at pizza pizza any more!!!!!
Great food and atmosphere service is wonderful. Plenty of parking in back. Pasta is the best.
Really nice place. A bit pricy but I just love their great smoothies and the hummus wrap
Dale, one of the managers was extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
Fantastic BBQ, great beer, and awesome prices.  Not much else to say!
Update the tIme. I went at 8:40pm Monday night and they were closed already. Not 9pm.
Great Waffles delicious hot coffee and cooked to order breakfast.  They also have a juke box.
Amazing food but they are liars...on Sunday they are multiply the price without notice!!!!!
Pizza was tasteless.  It wouldn't be bad if I was drunk, but I wasn't
Great food. Worth the wait so plan in advance. (Waited 45 min)
iPad drink menu is impressive; ambiance is romantic but food is just ok.
Do not go here. Waste of space. Shitty staff, shitty product.   So many other options in the area.
Understaffed, unprepared, management is ambivalent, they are simply resting on location to survive.
Great friendly staff ... Short course . Well worth the money.  Course is in great shape.
Excellent service. They do a great pedicures and dip nails.  The salon is beautiful and relaxing.
Great bakery. Awesome tasty baked goods. Affordable  prices.
D licieux et sans flafla! Service et ambiance sympathiques! Les curros sont D LICIEUX!
The staff is nice and welcoming and I love tanning here the beds are clean and good quality.
Home away from home.  Just the place I needed to find to make a great dinner for our hosts.
No matter what your fitness  goals are, Physiques' Gym is the vessel that will get you there.
Fantastic Thai Boba tea! Very nice staff and great chilling area.
I love china wok, been going there for a long time, always fresh! I love any dish I get there!
Everything about this place deserves 5 stars!  Top shelf service & food all the way around!
This place suck! And stinky! Smells like sewage !
Thank you Olga and Carla!  Amazing pet groomers. Friendly, affordable, pet loving business.
Love the egg custard tarts and shrimp fried rice and cheese bread. The bread is warm and very fresh.
Love this place. Coffee, ambiance, and customers are all amazing food is pretty good too
I freaking love in n out. Get your fries well done and your bun toasty. It's the best!
We got our money back and left. They microwave their food to order!
Great local ramen place. Authentic Japanese ramen. Also they have soy milk broth for vegetarians.
Great staff and always the best haircut. Michael the owner is one of the best in the business.
one of the best carne asada tacos ever and only for a buck love this place
Been getting my haircut done by Mike Acosta for 8 years.best Barber in AZ highly recommend.
Busy place . Easy in easy out . Try out the border bowl it's one of the best things on there menu.
good service , nice ambiance...terrible pancakes
Great staff and ambiance. Food and service is always top notch at any location you go to as usual
Extremely unprofessional!  I've never seen employees treat a customer so badly.
This thanksgiving cheese crisp was the best fall themed dinner EVER! U guys amaze me!
Been there twice. Awesome food and ambiance !
Its all about the experience, the drive itself is part of the experience.
Now with their own roasted  "Pig Iron" espresso and French pressed coffee.... Lit is still the best.
Best vegan restaurant in the city! Hands down. Tasty, healthy and good portions.Great value
My favorite spot for great fish tacos.  Glad to see they're now walking distance to where I work.
Ask for Jessica C. Not only is she extremely helpful, she knows shoes and how to fit you properly.
Was there for Fromage D'ici, how do you rate a shopping mall if you ain't a mallrat?
$5 Hot and Ready right around the corner from my house.  Love it.
This place gives you the best bang for your buck. The service is great, and the foood is very tasty
Really fun spot. A great addition to the area. Arcade + beer = Barcade. Best ever.
Great customer service and amazing waiting room! Did a great job fixing my windshield
Best Bun Bo Hue ever!
Great burgers and friendly staff. I parked right on Main Street and it was free! Highly recommended.
AWESOME! I would elaborate further but I'm mowing down a killer Delux burger..... yum!
Pizza is pure garbage. But what do you expect for $5??? Was not "Hot and Ready" when I walked in.
My first time at this location. Good average service, friendly staff.....the food was great!
Service slow. Food just okay. Won't come back
Worst service ever. The people working this airport are extremely uneducated.
Awesome atmosphere, good tacos, and great beer. Staff is extremely friendly as well!
First time...reallyyy good sandwiches. But too much meat for me, wouldva like more veggies
Crappy Disgusting and way over priced! Save ur money and just go to McDonalds this place sux
No chicken on a small salad?!  And don't roll your eyes when my 7 year old can't make her mind.
Great service, delicious cannoli's, great pizza crust!  Place is a little small and it gets busy.
Great drinks and decor. It's a bit loud down there but that's to be expected for such a small space.
Awesome food, affordable, and great service all in the same place. Wow you got to try this place..
I had chicken shawarma sandwich food. Chicken undercooked and the sandwich very oily.
We love enjoying our coffee here during the week. The staff is so courteous! Thank you!
Had a great experience at Hell's Kitchen Las Vegas. Food was delicious and the service was amazing.
Knowledgeable, professional, great environment. Extremely hospitable as well. Work is outstanding.
Cox wifi SUCKS!!!! Wish there was a way to put 0 stars!!
Billy is amazing!   He can play nearly any song from any generation.   FANTASTIC TIME!!!!
This show was way better than I expected.  Show your local ID to get B1G1F tickets and a free shirt.
Excellent food! Chicken Parm and Parm wings were awesome! My wife's Panini was awesome as well!
Worst Italian sub I ever had.3 peices of meat 2 small peices of cheese. What a ripoff.never again.
AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING!! It took going there one time to know I'll be a lifetime customer
I like the atmosphere at Eden but unfortunately I haven't had any good food here. Maybe next time!
You used to be so much better, really going down hill :(
Driving by and tried it. Flavorful burger and fresh salad with grilled chicken. Good value.
This place never fails to impress me AND NO, I AM NOT A VEGETARIAN. Why do you ask?
Vibrant food, solidly executed! If Michelin gave half stars this would have it.
Great food that's not greasy, and friendly service! Nice to grab a real meal at an airport...
Used to be really good. But now toppings are rarely used and it's too much bread. Barely a pizza
hidden gem.perfect healthy meal after a long gym session
The meatball sub was recommended and didn't disappoint.  The service was fast, and friendly.
less than acceptable cheese on the pizzas, good toppings on everything else
Good food. Had he brisket sandwich. Loaded potato was better. Decent food but way too pricy.
Dog friendly!  Awesome coffee!  VERY COOL HANGOUT!!!  Park nearby to walk the dog!
It is exactly like Hue Thai, even better since it is closer to my office!
I had the kung pao chicken fried rice egg flower soup it was hot and spicy just the way I like it
Great place to buy a car asked for Devon he will get it done every time Devon Anderson that is
Great pizza. The garlic knots are a tasty appetizer. Misty was our server and she's a gem!
Best pizza in Huntersville, very clean, and super friendly customer service definitely recommend it.
The only thing I don't like is their sushi bar is full, and I didn't get a chance to sit there~
The service was very good. The chips and salsa were excellent. All the food tasted fresh.
Seafood is so good ! I've stop counting how many times I've been there . Consistently good !
A bit pricey for fast food japanese.  Decent Cali roll and Avocado salad.
Best ramen place in Toronto! Taste is always consistent.
Looking for an Authentic Filipino food ..., you are looking at It... Nanay's Filipino Cuisine!
My favorite place to get a wash-- quick, convenient & cheap!!! What's better than that?!
I could literally eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal or bad service here...nuff said!
Love love love this place. Brunch is fantastic and some of the best cold brew coffee around!
Outrageously overpriced mediocre food.  Truly ridiculous.
Great food and excellent service...  Plenty of exotic menu options to choose from.
use you coupons! they never expire!
Great shop gave great advice on how I should go about my nose piercing. Very professional !
Great little family run diner.  Prices are reasonable and food is fresh & tasty!
Staff is fine. Pretty pricey for the portions. Food is okay
Best Portuguese chicken in the city! Highly recommended. Owners take pride in their work.
The fly swatting by the guy behind the counter threw me off a little but good http.
This grooming shop is closed. I believe Troy moved out of state.
Horrible place.  2times, a week almost fall off.  Don't Waste money
I haven't order Dominos in years! I was pleasantly surprise how much they have improved!
Really good place to relax and cool down in this heat, especially after Pokemon hunting.
Slow service, and the mee goring tasted literally like noodles in tomato sauce. definitely a miss.
Gorgeous store. Great staff. Covered solar parking. Perfect.
$15 for guacamole.  That's almost all I need to say.   Yep, I think that's all I'm going to say.
Great soup ! Nice friendly staff! Tasty Ramen noodles!
The buck-a-roo was really good.  Enough for two people
Big Sushi has big sushi. What more can I say?  It's good, and it's definitely worth it's price.
Professional, knowledgeable staff. Great experience FSBO. I would highly recommend.
Hanging out at Coffee Corners is a fantastic way to relax.  Small village living at its best!
Everything you could need is here.  Yes you can venture out... But why would you?!
It's perfect if you like dealing with a machine that takes your money without dispensing any balls.
Excellent very inexpensive place to take the family for dinner. Love the bottomless fries!!!
Great and friendly people, clean and we'll kept. I loved walking through with all the scents!
Always on time and the food is warm and delicious.  Drivers are always nice and professional.
2nd visit for us during the 4th of July week! This time I had garlic drunken noodle.  It was delish!
Small and authentic thai dining place! Super friendly crew! Looking forward for the next visit!!!
Great food and friendly people. You will not go hungry big portions and fresh jalepeno s yum
Delicious home made Italian food. Simple but delicious with interesting ingredient twists.
    omg so good so tasty so much like it from Hong Kong! Milk tea go go go!   !
Nice, honest people.   It is a pleasure doing business with these folks.
Worth the wait!! Food is delicious. Staff is doing their best to accommodate and serve everyone.
Great chicken parm, incredible prosciutto caprese sandwich!
So disappointed I ordered a pastrami Sandwich and potato salad and received this...so mad
Taco Tuesday was Awesome.  Love the salsa bar...so much variety.  Will be back soon :-)
Fast and easy, super friendly. they got me right in for my smog, would come back again!!!
This place is great! I only wish they had another location closer to downtown. The pho is stellar.
Friendly service and pretty good selection. Not Lowe's by any stretch but a decent place to shop.
Best Thai in Cleveland. This place is reasonable and friendly. The food is fantastic!
This is one of my wife and I's favorite spots for date night. The prime rib is excellent.
Excellent selection, good food and service. Decent prices and portions.
I go here at least once a week.  Burrito bowl with steak is delicious!!  Fast and great prices.
Ive deleted this reciew
Very yummy and the service was great. Lots of choices. Will be back soon. Thank you!!
Crackaroni salad gets 5 stars.  Give me a bucket of it, a spoon and leave me alone!
Joel is an amazing restaurant owner and does a great job. Pizza is always hot, fresh, and delicious!
Super good no-nonsense polish food.  Nice interior, friendly service. Worth a trip!
Best team to work with.  Great hotel, perfect location.  Should visit when in Las Vegas!
Great old fashioned burger shop
They have everything. All American menu, plus breakfast and pasta and pizza and burgers.
This is a new place I discovered that has great food. My reviews are always short and too the point.
Amazing ice cream shop with so many options excited to come back and keep exploring the menu
Dr Lee is a great Dentist who is honest and won't perform unnecessary procedures to get more money.
Always love Cracker Barrel. Great breakfast served all day.
Best gyros we've had I CLE so far! I'm going to attempt the Mount Olympus challenge one day also!
It's the best. Loved it. Super fun. Will come again. We had a blast. The tasks were super fun.
Thumbs up! Another great yelp find! Stephen was amazing and very knowledgeable. Highly recommend!
Hidden Bbq gem, good amount of smoke taste not too much just right. Beef is good quality.
Skimpy lobster Roll.  Small Bun and not enough meat for price.  Food good.  Only one Tv at bar.
Kelly was amazing!!!  I couldn't be happier with my nails!!  I will definitely b returning
I am floored how expensive the food is.... Place is way over priced.
In n out is my favorite place to go.  There service is fast and there food is delicious
Adorable bikes and great service! Would recommend! Super excited to take my new cruiser out! Thanks!
Good place, young/hip crowd. Cheaper than NYC. Get in the VIP area and do it right!
Love this place, always have great food and amazing service. I never leave disappointed.
best bean and cheese burritos.  love the chicken tacos (hard shell)
I've been to this place three times, each time I had a great experience. I love the lasagna roll
I hit this place once or twice a week. Food and drinks are amazing. Cool place to just chill.
Average food,  Overpriced. Their pizza is more like a flat bread
ITS FREE! NEED I SAY MORE?  Its pretty cool to watch..it entertains you for about five minutes...
Mochiii (: bulgogi mushroom was delicious very flavorful and filling. Will be back again!!!
To expensive , and small portion (  Chill cheese Sandwich.  Half of what other restaurants make.
Haven't watched a show I didnt love. My only complaint is the men's thong made it cheesy....
Great place for birthday parties.
Everything was great! Good size portions!  See pic of my asada fries.
Poor management
The food is always Good. my company caterer from this location and the employees Love the food.
Ask for Donna! She is very thorough and careful and does a great job. Plus, she's very nice
My favorite Chipotle in the area . Love the service, super efficient in burrito assembly line.
Sumar really listened to what I wanted. Got my lips done with restalyne and I love them! Thank you!
De la qualit    prix honn te. Portions g n reuses (combo v g tarien) et livraison rapide!
Fun fun fun.  The staff is awesome and interacted with guests playing fun games.  Highly recommend.
Breakfast is always good. Homefries lack. Friendly service and atmosphere.
Fantastic car wash!!! I have been a regular of Clean Freak and this is SO MUCH BETTER!!!
Super cute place, delicious and the Watermelon sangria was amazing. Great customer service!
Great experience...amazing staff, so friendly. Professional Hair Stylists
Great location, always kept clean. Avocado BLT - you can't beat it. This location rock the cookies.
This location is good.  Always like Papa Murphy's Pizza
Not a fan, will update later, but I definitely felt that this needed to be put up ASAP!!
Booooommmm marijuana all day like that snoop og A+++++++ there staff is awesome thanks bloom
Good Hawaiian style food. Like the burritos. Worth the drive and cheap. They have two locations.
Good food reasonable prices. Lots of burger choice toppings clean facility and friendly staff.
Wife and I ate there last night. Food was very bland and over priced.  Our server was very nice.
This place is a dive but their wings are off the chain! And they make their own Blue cheese!
Delicious food, inventive and tasty cocktails, attentive service... really great patio too!
I had terrible service and the food was only mediocre.  I won't go back
Hooley House has the best shepherd's pie. Hands down. The end.
Amazing cafe.  Some of the best espresso and food in the city. Period.
Great service, everything is very fresh.  Try the limoncello!  We will definitely be going back.
OMG!! Some of the best chicken and sides and sauces ever. This will become a regular lunch spot..
Slow service. Order wrong. Tables dirty.  So basically everything crap. Actually the coffee is good.
Keeping this sweet and simple, this place is GREAT! Best chicken fingers around :)
The food still good but prices have gone way up,  Two mini plates and small poki for $26.52.
Awesome burritos, tacos, etc. Guacamole is plentiful and tasty.
great shopping mall in GTA. Tiffany. you can find coach sephora and all popular brands
I love love this place!! Leah did a fantastic job on my hair. I will definitely be coming back :)
Service is a little slow! But worth the wait!! So delish!!!
Floor is a mess! Out of peanut butter what??? Literally what I came here for! Disappointed!
poor service, employee's did not know how to operate register, and manager did not either.
The coffee here is not very good, although the environment is comfy and cute and they have wifi
Very yummy & fresh breakfast wrap!  Supporting locally owned breakfast & lunch Cafe!!
Great atmosphere. Excellent pad Thai. Very authentic menu
Clean place. No so crow it for a Sunday morning. Lots of tables. Large choice in menu.
Yep, Target, you know target, fast food, electronics, clothing, all that.
Good ambience. Situated in the old Toronto. Nice food. Nice service. Free parking if spot available
decent food. Friendly people! Prices are a little high though. They do have specials though
This was just to get gas & they had the least expensive prices on the day I went.
I love the creamy chicken tortilla soup, and their steaks are always juicy and cooked to order.
We use ClearView for our business window cleaning. Always great service and crystal clear windows!
Mediocre restaurant for the wait...ordered takeout Pad Thai and had to wait 20 minutes. Be warned.
Nice quiet spot for a good bowl of pho. Waitstaff was friendly and fast! Thanks pho Saigon!
You can never go wrong with sushi burrito! Soho is the best in town. The staff is great.
First time there will definitely go back. Twin Dragon and 3 amigos , two amazing burritos.
It was nice for a quick ice cream stop - the staff were very friendly, and nice to the kids.
This place is the bomb.  The service vibe and food is beyond outstanding.   Love family businesses
Wanna get roofied by a guy in a drug rug?  Go here!~
Basic decor, nothing fancy. Food is very tasty and reasonably priced. Will definitely be returning!
Miguel is an upstanding businessman and a pleasure to work with. Highly recommended!
They towed my car in the middle of the night from infront of my apartment they are theifs
Super fun.  Came for Jerrod Niemann concert.  Great service.  Lot's of fun.
Nice small place. Very good food. Staff is awesome. They have Jain food. Many Veg & Vegan options.
I go out of my way to come to this store. They seriously have the best ejuice selection
Jumpy! Fantastic clues, amazing experience. My group loved it! 10/10 would recommend for a party !!
Nice Mall, very little riff raff.
Totally worth watching! You will definitely go home with a huge smile! World class show!
This place is amazing, you MUST try it  Best Sushi and everything is super delicious!
I really like the breakfast burger. Has everything on it. Staff is very friendly.
Worse place ever. Awful service, and the people their are rude! DONT GO!!!
Horrible service waited over an hour for pizza. Very rude and uninviting. Not recommended at all.
So bomb. Don't underestimate the hot sauce!
Fantastic food, great service, cozy atmosphere! A bit pricy,...worth it!
I love the made to order bowls & burritos.  Food always tastes fresh & not a long wait for it!
Run down, dirty, slow service. I like Denny's, but I don't think we'll go back to this one.
For fast food, quality service, polite staff, clean location  -you are at the right place.
the biggest piece of shit restaurant ever. we left before we got our water!! fucking mess!
Best dental practice I've ever been to. All around. Great work, and great people.
Great! One of the best Cirque shows I have seen and a great venue at the Bellagio. Worth the price.
Very good sushi!  its a small hidden place but fantastic rolls!
Had a bagel with cream cheese. Good warm bagel softer inside and crunchy outside at a $4 tag.
very cool place but the food was mediocre at best, i've had better out of a roach coach.
We came for breakfast and it was excellent. Service was also good.  Will definitely be back.
Food be bomb, but gaaaaahhh damn it put me on the toilet my G . I almost died in that b*tch.
Vik is amazing! All of his photography comes out flawless and he's so passionate about his work!
This place was right by hotel and I stopped in to try the Chia lemonade. It was refreshing!
Very long lines at 7:45 in the morning only one lane open in the drive-through and grumpy employees.
Good food, huge servings. Decent service.
Very Good food, lots of flavor and service was fairly quick.  This place is busy for a reason.
Always slow, never gets my order right, and never fails i always get a stale big mac
Great shop. They get the job done right. You can trust these guys. I'll be a returning customer
Decent spot for a cold beer and an appetizer.  Plenty of flat screen televisions for the sport fans.
The food is better than the OG. Nice atmosphere, good hearty pasta dishes...what's not to like?!
Great Beer, Great Food & Great Ambiance! Love this place and the owner is super friendly.
Live music 7 nights a week. Friendly bar staff. Cool owner. Great sound engineers. Hell yes!
I Fucking hate the layout of the place . I rather drive to the on  Nellis. The staff are so rude.
Excellent lunch buffet at a reasonable price.  Drove 20 minutes to get here and well worth it!
Best food you can get at a gas station.
I said my # Got passed over a half hour for others Can not believe disrespect on all levels
Good food, good beer, be patient ,be prepared to wait, good live music makes the wait tolerable.
My fave of all of the Flos restaurants. Best lunch deal in town and so yummy!
Outstanding. On time, highest quality work. Courteous and professional. Strongly recommend.
My 5 stars go to the morning crew! Suzy, Jenny and Marc are amazing.
Here for convention everyyear last 7 years  the staffs attitude and service are getting worst.
Service top! Food delicious! Price okey! Coming back for sure!
great place for lunch.  Good food and fresh.  Love the chicken souvalki....:)
Clean and well organized store. Easy access and great central location to Henderson area.
Cool dive bar. Cheap beers. Good music. Fun patio. Need I say more?
Bite is the bomb. Great food, always consistent. Staff very friendly and on the ball.
Great authentic Mexican food at affordable prices!  Hot fresh and delicious!!!  Our go to spot!
They've always been kind.  There non dollar items are well priced.
Amazing food. Amazing service. I feel more like I'm at an Ethiopian home than a restaurant.
Free pool and ping pong. Nice fire spot outside with a great patio. Cheap and strong drinks.
I really love Braddah's the one near UNLV cooks a little better but it's still delicioso!
Great lodge, great people, helpful and friendly RV host, what more could you ask for.
I loved it pizzas were tasty & not greasy & you can put as many toppings as you want!
Good sushi with all you can eat options.
I took two suit pants in to be let out. Cost was $42.00 total, and the work was excellent.
Great dog park off warm springs and eastern end
Spicy chicken please Two large sides biscuits to go Eat you with a spork
Awesome flavors. !!! They even have Taro. Creamy. Yummy. The toppings are free. Excellent.
really good sushi rice. was expensive but Yeah
Dogs of all shapes and sizes surround you and you can't help but smile.
LOVE this restaurant one of the best in VEGAS and you don't have to take out a second mortgage!
How can you beat an American Classic?!  This is a good, clean location that's always busy!
When in Vegas gotta stop by this spot for adobo fried rice, open really late.
This is my new favorite casino. The table rates are reasonable and I love the the dancing dealers!
The meat still had marks where the jockey was hitting it. Low grade dog food is a little better.
One of the better Pittsburgh Thai .... great family owned and operation place.
The food was tasty the service was great. I can believe how spicy the red sauce hotdog was!
Very fresh and flavorful! The burrito was the perfect size for lunch. Fast and friendly service too.
Yut and family are wonderful hosts.  We love you.  Robert and Monica
I like the tatami table! The food is ok, just any kinds of sushi boats, udon, and fish.
Always the best experience when we go there. Great food, Great Service, Fabulous company.
Great friendly service and tasty food. As good or better than places in K-Town. Check it out.
Visor service seems to be improving.  Food is starting to be prepared in the same fashion
Great first time experience. Food was terrific. Mimosas were spot on. Excellent service.
Been twice got 2 nice cuts. And were done by the ladies.  A little pricey being from NC but worth it
Very good lunch here. Really enjoyed the lasagna and Veal Parmesan. Their marinara is very good.
A fun place to just walk around.  You never know what you mat find.  Just fun and different .
great experience, no hidden fees. 5-stars
